 lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Oh yeah this is Eminem baby back up in that motherfucking ass
One time for your motherfucking mind we represent the 313
You know what I'm saying?
'Cause they don't know shit about this
For the 9-6
Ayo my pen and paper 'cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxing a zany acting maniac in action
A brainiac in fact son you mainly lack attraction
You look insanely whack when just a fraction of my tracks run
My rhyming skills got you climbing hills
I travel through your mind into your spine like siren drills
I'm sliming grills of roaches with sprayed on disinfectants
Twist the necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects
Put this in decks and check the monologue turn your system up
Twist them up and indulge in the marijuana smoke
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more cartoons than animation
My lamination of narration
Hit's a snare and bass in a track fucked up rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion there ain't no time to be stare and gazing
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland...
I'm infinite
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite
Bust it I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince a crew to stomp and two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies I spoil loyal fans
I foil yo plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans
My coil hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper then a Jeep full of people
MCs are feeble I came to 'cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MCs and stand the lonely one
Imitator intimidator stimulator simulator of data eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces
My accapella releases classic masterpieces through telekinesis
And eases you mentally gently sentimentally instrumentally
With entity dementedly meant to be infinite
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm infinite
Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O
So I'm assuming all responsibility
'Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MCs
Mic messaler slamming like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
No one is specialer my skill is intergalactical
I get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool it wasn't practical
I'd rather let a tactical tactful track tickle your fancy
In fact I can't see or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching
So this is for my family the kid who had a cameo on my last jam
Plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah soul intent checking it number one baby this week
You know what I'm sayin'?
This is MC Proof
And DJ Head
Checkin' in on W.E.G.O.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Ay yo we got the number one requested song lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
 Check it out 
 Hey Kyu!
It's a broke day but everything is ok 
I'm up all night but everything is alright 
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep 
It's a long year pretending I belong here 
It's a broke day but everything is ok 
I'm up all night but everything is alright 
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep 
It's a long year pretending I belong here 
One day I plan to be a family man happily married
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried
Till I'm glad to be buried 
And leave this crazy world
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl
It may be early to be planning this stuff
Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man and it's tough
Cause man it's been rough but still I manage enough
I've been taken advantage of damaged and scuffed
My hands have been cuffed
But I don't panic and huff frantic and puff
Or plan to give up the minute shit hits the fan it erupts
I'm anteing up double or nothing I've been trouble enough
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering see
My destiny's to rest at ease till I'm impressed and pleased
With my progress I won't settle for less than cheese
I'm on a quest to seize all my own label to call
Way before my baby is able to crawl
I'm too stable to fall the pressure motivates
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf Q
It's a broke day but everything is ok 
I'm up all night but everything is alright 
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep 
It's a long year pretending I belong here 
It's a broke day but everything is ok 
I'm up all night but everything is alright 
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep 
It's a long year pretending I belong here 
I'm going for broke gambling and playing for keeps
Everyday in the streets scrambling and paying for cheep 
Praying for sleep
Dreaming with a watering mouth
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse
In this slaughtering house caught up in bouts
With the root of all evil
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
And make them do shit illegal
For these Grant's and Jackson's
These transactions explain a man's actions
But in the mist of this insanity I found my Christianity 
Through God and there's a wish he granted me
He showed me how to cope with the stress
And hope for the best instead of mope and depressed
Always groping a mess of flying over the nest
To selling dope with the rest
I quit smoking cess to open my chest
Life is stressful inside this cesspool 
Trying to wrestle I almost bust a blood vessel
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics
He's asthmatic running home from school away from crack addicts
Kids attract static children with automatics
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
It's cumbersome I'm trying to do well on this Earth
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth
It's a broke day but everything is ok 
I'm up all night but everything is alright 
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep 
It's a long year pretending I belong here 
It's a broke day but everything is ok 
I'm up all night but everything is alright 
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep 
It's a long year pretending I belong here 
Uh it's ok yeah it's alright even though I can't sleep
Uh yeah it's ok it's alright lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
 Now what you know about a sweet MC from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see
 Man what you know about a sweet MC in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see
Yo some people say I'm whack now if that's right 
I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard in your lifetime
My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats
Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets
Forgot a gold digger's succubus  my souls thick with ruggedness
With the mic I'm like a dyke can't no nigga fuck with this
I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound
On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming 
We elevated to new heights premeditated 
Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it
The escalated can be put to the test of greatness
Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it
So I take it that's the reason I'm hated
To represent my temperment
If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant
But pimping it and acting like you could rock a show 
Harder than LL's Rock the Bells but you is a ho 
Everything that you collaborate I lacerate 
My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate
At a faster rate yeah I got something for your ass to hate
I blasterate and have you all running master gates
And as for face clutching and touching the flows
I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose
Bucking these hoes I got that shit down to a science
Leaving them hot and bothered turned on like an appliance 
Defiance no we won't have that
You want your shit to blow up?
Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack 
And blast that shit to kingdom come
Then bring them some of this real hip-hop 
I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about
And you all knew from Meeko
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno
So stop that bullshit and flow
Yo you need to come with the real skills and act like you know
So what you know about a sweet MC in the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC you better become me
If you ever wanna be one see
 Now what you know about a sweet MC from the 313
None of these skills you bout to see come free
So you wanna be the sweet MC you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one see
So what you know about a sweet MC in the 313
You don't know shit so when you see one flee
You can be Run-D you'll never beat the MC
I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T
I'm sure your bound to agree a sweet MC crashes the spot
I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott
Your ass forgot so just in case you don't remember me
I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory
It's either them or me man kill or be killed
You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed
My facilities filled with fans packed to capacity
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty
If he's acting soft and he cowers
He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers
You flowers got no clout with a thing
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
I shout the slang simple as ABC's
Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's
Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone
Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone
So facts are known writers get treated with shocks
I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks
I'm greeted with flocks of fellow follower's singers
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their 
fingers
But you can bring yours let's see what you got
But don't front and never try to be what you're not
Cause you can be quick jump the candlestick burn your back
And fuck Jill on a hill but you still ain't Jack 
So what you know about a sweet MC from the 313
None of these skills you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight
I'm getting mad love I'm snuggling hugs
Druggling thugs smuggling drugs juggling jobs guzzling jugs
So here's a toast to federal checks
Hetero sex unaffordable medical debts huh
We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks
To find babbling Max gaffling tracks
I grapple an axe for them baffling acts
The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax
Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit
The tall shit that will end up with his skull split
Then I buried the hatchet I carried on my back 
Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it
Baby all I wanna do is swallow one and two
Smoke a little bit and follow one of you 
Back home when the party ends
So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints
To the finest women in the audience
Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Ayo biters are like tarantulas vandealous
Living as scandalous as a television evangelist
But I can handle this I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter
Caped crusader taking care of undeserving lime lighters
I think a living never meant for me
Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally
When I stumbled upon this resolution
By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution
You couldn't see me with binoculars
I armed like an octopus
Step on stage and you get socked and pushed
Talking that junk like you went black guarded your back
Come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act
When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it
Every minute so when I win it you never resent it
I'm forever demented come up with funk I'll never be scented
You got the point when I cleverly said it
Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Eminem is heading skyward
For those who thought that I would make you bored and treat you like a piece 
of plywood
I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
With the agility to escape a killer bee colony
So get your cameras and capture how miraculous 
I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was
I meant it as a dis cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this
I'm hazardous enough already as it is
Without you adding fuel to the fire
I'm cruel to the liar
Who fails to recognize my reign of hell rule to the sire
Clinical studies show that I'm cynical
There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow
I'm sure the party people can agree
That I'm enchanting with the romantic
Freaking the vocals so frantically
So throw your hands up in the atmosphere
And let them know the only party that was phat was here just be like
Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight Tonight 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Maxine!! 
 Hello
 Can I speak to Maxine?
 Yeah this is me what's up?
 What up?
 Who dis?
 Denaun 
 Yeah what's up?
 What are you doing?
 Nothing just laying in bed
 Huh?
 Nothing just laying in bed
 Why?
 I don't know thinking about something freaky to do
I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean
Plus she got a sugar daddy
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly
If you mistook her sadly on her reputation
You're in jepordation if you ain't got no preparation
When you step away son she got her face done
Looking provocative she'll let you knock it if
You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you
If you match the price otherwise she won't look at you twice
But when you catch the lice or get the urgency
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee
Don't bring your germs to me cause I ain't trying to hear it
While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it 
Sometimes I wonder what's your purpose? In life that is
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids shit
You living trife got three kids at home and club hopping every night
You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down
And then speeds back to a regular pace there is no end to this 
Mystery whatever your reason even is to be
You say you wanna be with me but how can you say that
When you got niggas hiding in your closet
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely
I met this girl last week she was a freak and she liked me
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas 
Big game over there and take notes while I get this number
I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch..
Haven't I seen you before?" looked at my nigga
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands
And said 
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit
She started crying and asked me to forgive her and shit
She said her name was Maxine so I told her I wanted her number
She asked could I give her mine two
Got to the crib and called her up
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck
I said "Maxine check this out 
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out"
Got to the crib she let me in
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom
I said "Hold up and stop proceeding you rushing things"
What the fuck are you doing?
So I went for my protection took off my clothes and started flexing
As she went for my midsection
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work
Before I hit it she said
I said "What is it another nigga? It's ok"
She said "No I forgot to tell you that I got AIDS"
I got up out
 Hey Maxine
 What
 You thinking about sucking my dick?
 Yeah for a small price
 For a small price? What you mean?
 You know money nigga
 You don't need no damn money 
I can't give you no money anyways I heard you got some shit.
  What you what you hear I got?
 AIDS
  Who told you that bullshit?
 My nigga Kyu he wouldn't lie
 Well if that's the case Kyu got it then
 Oh for real it's like that?
  Well I ain't got shit 
so he ain't got shit and if he do he ain't get that shit from me 
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga
 Fuck that I ain't fucking with you
 No see.. 
 You got that shit I ain't gotta fuck with you
 Hold on why it ain't even like that
 I want ya'll to get paid lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hey yo what's up man? Hey yo you been here all day man
Ya'll been here every weekend man 
I don't ever get a chance to rap first man!
That's cause you whack!
What?!? I ain't whack nigga I got some raps for all ya'll
Nigga my raps fresh I'ma bust my raps first 
you can bust yours after me if you want to
No no man I'm going first 
I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man
You always rap first 
I'm rapping I don't care what none of ya'll say 
I'm fresh I'm fresh
Ayo who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 I wanna know I wanna know
I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 I wanna know I wanna know
I'll have you taken back to Christ when you sacrifice
The way you acting slice when I tear your back with knifes
Jacking life's of MC's now I'm set to launch a plan
For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband
A stomped your man so unless you want what he got
You better set the mic down I'm steaming like a teapot
I'll make the tea hot people get in my face and ask
If I wanna battle then I chase them in a Jason mask
It's an amazing task to battle with success
I never gave a fuck now I give a fuck less
And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians
Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
Wicked wizardry like a sorcerer and no remorse for you
When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra
So feel the force of my spiritual images
Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages
My skin itches every time a rapper recites
And when he's through with his verse I'm all covered in flea bites
You wanna see fights I got a match for you
You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula
Ayo who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 I wanna know I wanna know
Ayo who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 I wanna know I wanna know
You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me
You wanna feel the full effect of me hand a tech to me
Intellectually superior I'll make the whack wearier
Inferior deterior rate like bacteria
Materially killing serially clearly you'll see
How much in fear when u hear me you'll be
Shiver and shake quiver and quake
Bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache whither and break
You slithering snake gibbering fake fibbering flake
I'll twist you into a different shape
And toss you in Michigan Lake for fisherman sake
If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake
Every dis you can take personal
We ain't friends trying to make amends
If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence
I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces
Your last releases you bad diseases that's the reason
I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic
So pass it like a hot potato
I've never been less than clever and fresh
Severing flesh of fools who never impressed I can confess
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 I wanna know I wanna know
Ayo who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
 I wanna know I wanna know
Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out!! I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 I wanna know I wanna know
Ayo let me get that mic man≈
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Who the fuck passed you the mic who the fuck passed you the mic!!
I got the rhymes bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hey what up man?
What up dog?
Ya heard?
Chillen cold as hell
Yes it is hey Busta didn't come here did he?
No hey look you got fifteen cent?
Nah I got just enough to get on the bus I'm broke
We gotta go to the store alright man quick cause I'm short
Yeah we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
Nah look..
You should just how much you got there?
I only got 75 I'm sure I got a dollar know what I mean..
Just throw it in there they ain't gonna know
You know what look I'm sick of taking this damn bus everywhere man
You gotta make some moves or something
I know look I'm trying to get rich
I got a baby on the way I don't even got a car
you know what I'm saying?
I still stay with my moms 21 and still with my moms
Look hey we gotta make some hit records or something
you know what I'm saying? Cause I'm tired of being broke
Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern
And dream of having a turn to earn money to burn
Mapping out my strategies to get rich huh
My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh
Cause man I live in the D this shit ain't given for free
Nothing's different to me so what it's easy to see
I'll be the prisoner to flee all of this misery
I'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea
But just an MC so listen to me but if you disagree
You missing the key you ain't even in the brisk of the tea
Unconditionally my aspects to cash checks
My objects were never to swab decks
It's up to you the decision is yours
If what you vision is tours or a mission less course
When shit is in the stores cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are you're never too far
From revenue huh cause you can be king
You can rule the world you can do anything
It's on you baby cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are you're never too far
From revenue huh cause you can be king
You can rule the world you can do anything
It's on you baby cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are you're never too far
From revenue huh
You know what I'm saying see what I'm talking about man?
Cause that's it
Yeah
A million dollars ain't even that far away man
Yo we got to get the money man I can't be broke for the rest of my life
Yeah I hear what your saying
look there's got to be something better you know what I'm saying?
I can't live like this for the rest of my life man
bumming rides everywhere I go
Yeah what's up with Lexus' and Land cruisers'?
Yo I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business
I'm canceling Christmas to gamble and risk this
Financial interest is the matter at hand
I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand
I grab what I can and do what I must
Pursue what I lust it's true that I just choose
The few that I trust thems the people that I still got
Fuck with gangsta fill pot get your grill shot
The 5 Elemantz for life my man Thyme
Proof Kyu and Denaun we move through into time
My crews true and divine we never fronted
We just wanted to be funded and live to be a hundred
Instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives
It's all about a man planning what his future is
What he can do for his to be a star
No matter wherever you are you're never too far
From revenue huh cause you can be king
You can rule the world you can do anything
It's on you baby cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are you're never too far
From revenue huh cause you can be king
You can rule the world you can do anything
It's on you baby cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are you're never too far
From revenue huh
That's what I'm talking about I'm not trying to be the player
I'm trying to be the man I'm want to be President
Yo forgot that President man I'm trying to be king
making dead presidents you know what I'm saying?
Yeah
Getting money anytime I want owning my own businesses and all that
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah I'm trying to be a millionare man hahaha lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Ain't no one special special like you 
I been searching but your the one I want in my life baby 
I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing
Missing what I remember kissing and hugging and squeezing
Bugging and weezing I'm having trouble when breathing
It's even tougher when sleeping
But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving
For loving and leaving you all I'm thinking of in the evening
You got my knees buckling and weakening
Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in
And interrupt when I'm speaking
I got some game that I'm preparing to run
The way your lips sparkle and glare in the sun
You got your hair in a bun no matter what you're wearing you stun
Cause your comparing to none I wanna share in the fun
I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a 
touch 
I see you grasping to trust but my intentions are good
The seed is passing in dust
I'm not asking to rush and answer immediately
I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me
If you agree to repeat after me I Love You 
Cause I just need you to see how much I'm eager to be
Your man legally wed your love's keeping me fed
This is easily said so you can lead or be led
If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found
I been searching but your the one I want in my life baby 
Baby it's all on you it's you I call on boo
Let's set a day up so you can fall on through
We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast
Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es
We'll start it out with caviar Don Parigne
And then when it's a fact we are warm carry on
We'll take it slow see nobody will hurry things
I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane
If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day
It's still all right cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray
Your an incredible one that's rare in bed with edible underwear
You look impeccable nothing compares
I dream of freaking you the women that will speak it too so
It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so
Now we all set to play only thing left to say is
When you step away baby but don't forget the Neglicie
I been searching but your the one I want in my life baby 
Ain't no one special lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Attention all units attention all units
We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair
I repeat we have an APB on a man with green hair
He's armed with a knife I repeat he's armed with a knife
Proceed with caution watch your back fella's
He could be coming at your girlfriend next
There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward
His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward
He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm
He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm
Ring the alarm look for a man with green hair
Check at your girl's house he was last seen there
He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes
Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed
Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms
Our unit storms in we split the ghetto in sectors
Locking down every block and put up metal detectors
Protectors and be sure that you stand close
Watch each others backs and guard your command post
And most of all be advised that he's wise
He could be disguised as one of your very own guys
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I'm on a solo mission to find him personally
To settle the score and beat then him mercifully
For what he first did to me
It's sure to be the last
Following footprints with a magnifying glass
To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell
I'm mad as hell on the trail of the tattle tail
I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps
Sneezing at dust and swinging at the spider-webs
Inside the depths of his basement
I taste lint in my mouth then the lights in the place went!
I saw my life flash in front of my eyes
I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs
None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed
Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned
They're only powerful when you got your back turned
I yearned for the day that we finally met again
So I can give him a taste of his own medicine
He shed his skin then he promised to come clean
I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen
Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home
Beating him over the head with the telephone
Attention all cars attention all cars
Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect
He's going back to the crazy home I repeat
He's going back to the crazy home how about that?
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Jealous! 
Jealous!?! What he mean jealous know what I'm saying?
He just mad cause he got with some ugly hoes know what I'm saying?
Girls don't buy him no clothes He bought that ho some clothes!!
He don't buy me no clothes Nigga ain't got no money no vibe no dick
I mean What do I got to be jealous for?
He ain't gonna make it no where he ain't got no type of time
He has no career move I mean...
I come home every single day from working double shifts
And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts
I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me
Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously
Again you frisk me for numbers trying to bust me
It must be only just because you never learned to trust me
Plus we only grovel only irrelevant issues
To many tissues for my feelings you misuse
I buy you jewelry you make a fool of me
I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things
So what's a man to do when all i hand to you is handed back to me
You act to be this gangsta bitch that ain't what first attracted me
I used to love your company now you always bugging me 
For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me
So I'ma wait for your evacuation
Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in
See I've never been so sure and your just insecure
So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure
I recommend you take your things and check them in
Look at the nervous wreck I'm in I need my second wind Say What?
Jealous Jealousy Jealousy 
Fuck you and what you going through
Fuck Eminem he just mad cause I left that nigga for another man
Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money
Immature Me? Nigga ain't got no dick no swang in his thang
Know what I'm saying? He just mad cause I'm getting it all night
Jealous of me know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about
Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy
I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments
I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense
Until the day I started following your feetprints
And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents
It made complete sense there's someone else you like 
So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike?
And you was like  **I need a new nigga** 
Someone rich that I could follow
And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow
Leaving me in sorrow Brandy never felt so broken hearted
I fell apart when you departed then the joking started
I was an open target you play comedian
And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again
And so we meet again your acting like an ex-wife
All in my sex life I got a message from Phife
He goes "You didn't want me to see you then I don't want you now"
Take a towel wipe your brow quit trying to hunt me down
You run me down and now your trying to apologize
For all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes
Because I got a bigger wallet size you wanna swing it
Jealousy is in the house ya'll Fellas sing it...
Jealous Jealousy lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
"Thought I was dead didn't you"
"LOOK IN THE MIRROR! YOU'RE NOTHING YOU'RE NOTHING WITHOUT ME!
LOOK IN THE MOTHERFUCKING MIRROR!!!"
[Low Down"Low Down Dirty" lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
"Low Down Dirty"
Warning this shit's gon be rated R restricted
You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted
Doctor slapped my momma 
Arrested molested myself and got convicted
Wearing visors sunglasses and disguises
Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis
I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll disrespectful
Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo
Brain size of a bread crumb
Which drug will I end up dead from
Inebriated till my stress is eleviated
Illiterate illigitimate shit spitter
Bitch getter hid in the bush like Margot Kidder
Jumped out  killed the bitch and did her
Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er
Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin Bette Midler
Sniper waiting on your roof like the Fiddler
Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler
Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her
 I'm low down and I'm shiftee!
"And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
and ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from.."
I lace tunes I'm out this world like Space Moons
With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds
Nothing but idiots and misfits dipshits
Doing whippits passed out like Sanford snippits
Where's the weed I wanna tamper with it
I'ma let your grandpa hit it
Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it
Fuck it maybe I'm a bum
But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage
Losing all of my leverage
Went up inside the First National Bank broke and left rich
Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage
Smoked out like Eckridge
Band just making my neck itch
What the fuck? Gimme the tech bitch
You just lost your tip there's a pubic hair in my breakfast
Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips
Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
Slap hips support domestic violence
Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence
I'm just joking is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking?
If all your shit's missing than probably one of us broke in
My head's ringing like it was Spider Sense tingling
Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England
I'm out the game put the second string in
This Brandy got my swinging
Bobbing back and forth like a penguin
Delinquent toking microphones with Broken English
Make your mama be like 
"Slim Shady his tape is dope I love it
It's rugged but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit."
It was predicted by a medic
I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic
Living off liquid Triametic
Pathetic but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing
Panicing I think I might have just took too much Anasin
Frozen Manaquin posted stiffer than a statue
I think I'm dying God is that you?
Somebody help me before I OD on an LP
Take me to ER ASAP for and IV
Motherfuck JLB they don't support no hip hop
They say that's where it ends the closest they gon come is Tupac
It's politics lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Life.. by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
put in front of your optical to slow you down
And everytime you think you gotten past it
it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they really your enemies with secret indentities
and disguises to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers
they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing YOUR shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin off
I'm tired of jobs startin off at five fifty an hour
then this boss wanders why I'm smartin off
I'm tired of being fired everytime I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
for this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square
Tired of not being a millionaire
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss
I'm tired of being white trash broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work
in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin half the skill as me
saying they wasn't feeling me on 
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of J-L-B saying 
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss
You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin?
I rap about shit around me shit I see
Know what I'm sayin? Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay you know what I'm sayin?
But ey it's cool though lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air and get to clapping 'em
And like back and forth because ah
This is what you thought it wasn't
It beez the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G 
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...
Slim Shady brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80 you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzing Dirty Dozen naughty rotten rhymer
Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it fuck it while we coming out in the open
I'm doing acid crack smack coke and smoking dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers I'm an alcoholic 
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch I'm coming out swinging so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the pudding just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screaming  like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talking that shit behind my back dirty mackin
Telling your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!
I'm nicer than Pete but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone
I'm everlasting I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing
Flavor with no seasoning this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady Eminem was the old initials 
Extortion snorting supporting abortion
Pathological liar blowing shit out of proportion
The looniest zaniest spontaneous sporadic
Impulsive thinker compulsive drinker addict
Half animal half man
Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can
With more holes than an Afghan
Somebody let me out this limousine (hey let me out!)
I'm a caged demon on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend shooting up while this record is spinning
Clinically brain dead I don't need a second opinion
Fuck dropping the jewel I'm flipping the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfucking style just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure I'm sick of bitches
Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes
In school I never said much too busy having a headrush
Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again
I'm going up over the curb driving on the median
Finally made it home but I don't got the key to get in
Shit fuck everything...
Outsiders Pace One lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Just the two of us.. 
Baby your da-da loves you 
And I'ma always be here for you  no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you
C'mon Hai-Hai we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell  da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things and if she don't get her way she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife honey let go of it 
And don't look so upset why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? 
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves can't we?
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? 
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey quit tryin to climb out 
I told you it's okay HaiHai wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde me and my daughter
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
Wake up sweepy head we're here before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby don't cry honey don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear 
That's why you can't get her to wake but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? 
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now here we go on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! 
There goes mama spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad no more restraining order
No more step-da-da no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye tell mama you love her 
Now we'll go play in the sand build a castle and junk
But first just help dad with two more things out the trunk
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. 
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Swift Bizarre & Fuzz)
Yeah...ha ha ha  Yeah Bizarre Kid comin' at you
Eminem and Fuzz and Mr. Swifty ha ha
No one's iller than me 
No one no one is iller than me
No one is iller than me
It's Mr. Swifty from the 313...
I make rappers wanna turn into singers
I keep hoes lickin' they fingers
Bring this competition and face this meanin' 
Got your whole crew doing subpeonas
Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius
Murder whoever's between us pack your heaters
Keep it close you can't beat us
While your whole crew treat us like G's you best believe this
I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin rejects
While the whole world ejects your tape it ain't no secret
That your shit sounds fake you can't stop it my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
I'm like Two-Face I'm painful to rappers then you can tell
From these shells how I gotta bend 'em like route canals
I erase all trails somethin' farther from gettin' bail
Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself you might as well
Be within a 25 to life sentence on linkin' trials
Horrified and keep on frontin' repentin' and lose they bowels
Everything is foul when Swift's around vacate now
Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape how?
I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild
Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates BLAAAOW!
It's Swifty from the 313
Like I said no one is iller than me unnhh!
Me and Eminem and Mike
Drivin' down Van Dyke
Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite
Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason
Should be takin' my medication it's 9 to 10 I'm facin'
Last week this old man I had to blast
Cuz he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas
Ripped this old lady hung her neck by a hook
Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook
Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack
Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at
I done lost 100 pounds I ain't been eatin' like I should
This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good!
Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route 
Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell !
My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece
Cuz she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece
No one no one's iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
No one no one is iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
Nobody better test me cuz I don't wanna get messy
Especially when I step inside this bitch dick freshly
New Lugz give the crew hugs guzzle two mugs
Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs
True thugs rugged unshaven messy scrubs
Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs
Down a fifth crack open a six
I'm on my seventh 8-ball now I gotta take a piss
I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends
Who gives a fuck who they was
I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does
They probably don't be packin' anyways do they Fuzz?
We walked up stomped they asses and blew they buzz
Mics get sandblasted
Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid
Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it
Fuckin' felon headed to hell in a handbasket
Talkin' shit will get you your girl and your man blasted
Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic
Get your damn ass kicked by these fantastic
Furious four motherfuckers
Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters
Slim Shady ain't nobody iller than me
I run shit like an ass with legs
Massive lead to leave your cabbage red
Similar to your ass in a casket dead
Drastic spread of acid heads
Come to abort you like a bastard egg
That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs
Ask the feds from past the edge
Rockin' the most classic threads
Flashin' bread roll down the window
Bitch you got some fantastic legs you can get 'til that ass get red
You can get 'til that ass get red
Bizarre you get him and him Swift you get him and him
I'll get him and him leave the other two for my nigga Eminem
Never writer's block I block writers
My block's tighter ante up and get your top fighters
Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick
Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK!
And got drop kicked now she screamin' 
Got clips to stop shit rock shit and grab this hot shit
Wherever you shop bitch Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick
Sick a-ya'll niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits
I shoot a rocket through your optic
You niggaz still don't know the top pick?
I got bricks lose my foot in your ass
And have you shittin' socks bitch!
We rock shit leave your fuckin' knot split
Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits
Ain't nobody iller than me
It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313
No one no one is iller than me
It's Eminem and Swift from the 313
No one lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
All I see is murder murder my mind state - 
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate - 
All I see is murder murder my mind state
Murder murder murder and kill kill kill! 
Left the keys in the van with a gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan of citizen bystands
But shit is in my hands here's your life span
For what your life's worth this money is twice than
Grab a couple grand and live a nice land
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin'
Hurry up with the cash bitch I got a ride waitin'
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin'
I want the whole pie I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin' clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
Or gets ya description an' sketches ya
The connection was the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
Cuz I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
Money from the safe in the back stepped in wavin' the Mac
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
This bitch tried escapin' the jack
Grabbed her by the throat it's murder she wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked
But I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin' 
But I'm already wanted for sellin' keys
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots they bust back
Hit the square in the chest he wasn't wearin' a vest
Left the house pullin' out the drive backin' out
Need a backin' out this lady's Jag started blackin' out
Pulled the Mac-10 out stuck it in her face
Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair smacked her up
Thinkin' fuck it mug her while you're there jacked her up
Stole her car made a profit
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl on Set It Off did
Jetted off kid stole the whip now I'm a criminal
Drove in thru somebody's yard dove into they swimmin' pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin': "Son go in and call the police
Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a nick before
Smashed the window grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
And colliding with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes the cheese eggs milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped must-a been some dumb luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must-a dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
This is a public service announcement brought to you in part by Slim Shady
The views and events expressed here are totally fucked
and are not necessarily the views of anyone
However the events and suggestions that appear on this album
are NOT to be taken lightly
Children should NOT partake in the listening in this album
with laces in their shoes
Slim Shady is not responsible for your actions
Upon purchasing this album you have agreed NOT to try this at home
Em Anything else?
Yeah lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hi! My name is...  My name is... 
My name is...  Slim Shady
Hi! My name is...  My name is... 
My name is...  Slim Shady
Ahem... excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?
Hi kids! Do you like violence? 
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? 
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? 
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? 
My brain's dead weight I'm trying to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate 
And Dr. Dre said 
Uh-uhhh! 
Well since age twelve I've felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady wait a minute that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a fuck God sent me to piss the world off!
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in Junior High
Thanks a lot next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of papers 
Walked in the strip club had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender then stuck my dick in her tip cup
Extraterrestrial runnin' over pedestrians
In a space ship while they screaming at me: 
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do 
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her 
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans 
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph
(Dude can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave thanks for the support ASSHOLE!'
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! 
Dr. Dre don't just stand there OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave it's too scary to die 
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive 
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka - dare me to drive? 
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide 
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk 
I spit when I talk I'll fuck anything that walks 
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breast feed me mom? 
You ain't got no tits! 
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head 
I'm steaming mad 
And by the way when you see my dad? 
Tell him that I slit his throat lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Meet Eddie twenty-three years old.
Fed up with life and the way things are going
he decides to rob a liquor store.
("I can't take this no more I can't take it no more homes")
But on his way in he has a sudden change of heart.
And suddenly his conscience comes into play...
("Shit is mine I gotta do this.. gotta do this")
Alright stop! 
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence 
I'm your motherfuckin conscience
That's nonsense!
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay 
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with Renee's razor blade
Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk she's older than George Burns
Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?
Man don't do it it's not worth it to risk it! 
Not over this shit  Drop the biscuit 
Don't even listen to Slim yo he's bad for you
("It's alright c'mon just come in here for a minute")
("Mmm I don't know!")
("Yo it's gonna be alright right?")
Meet Stan twenty-one years old. 
After meeting a young girl at a rave party
things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again his conscience comes into play... 
Now listen to me while you're kissin her cheek
and smearin her lipstick I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe..
(Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her that's not fair)
Yo look at her bush.. does it got hair? 
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man ain't you ever seen that one movie _Kids_?)
No but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!
(Shit you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that hit that shit raw dawg and bail..
[pickup idling radio playing]
Meet Grady a twenty-nine year old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work
he walks in the door of his trailer park home
to find his wife in bed with another man.
Alright calm down relax start breathin..
Fuck that shit you just caught this bitch cheatin
While you at work she's with some dude tryin to get off?!
FUCK slittin her throat CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!!
Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit?
Alright Shady maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy
Okay! Thought about it still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did be smart don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??!
What'chu say? 
I'ma kill you motherfucker!
Uhhh-aahh! Temper temper!
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there done that.. aw fuck it...
What am I sayin? Shoot em both Grady where's your gun at? 
[gun fires is cocked lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
 Scalpel
 Here
 Sponge
 Here
 Wait.. he's convulsing he's convulsing!
 Ah!
 We're gonna have to shock him!
 Oh my! Oh my God!
 We're gonna have to shock him!
 Oh my God!
These are the results of a thousand electric volts
A neck with bolts "Nurse we're losin him check the pulse!"
A kid who refused to respect adults
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
A corny lookin white boy scrawny and always ornery
Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me
And I might snap one day just like that
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack
 My first day in junior high this kid said
"It's you and I three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die"
I looked at my watch it was one twenty
He said "Don't try to run from me you'll just make it worse..."
My palms were sweaty and I started to shake at first
Something told me 
I screamed "Owww! My appendix feels like they could burst!
Teacher teacher quick I need a naked nurse!"
 "I don't know my leg it hurts!"
 "Oh I mean it is but I also got a bum knee!"
 "Mr. Mathers the fun and games are over.
And just for that stunt you're gonna get some extra homework."
 "Nah that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him."
Brain damage ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin
But everywhere I go they keep playin my song
Brain damage..
Way before my baby daughter Hailey
I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey
An eighth grader who acted obnoxious cause his father boxes
so everyday he'd shove me in the lockers
One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin
And had me in the position to beat me into submission
He banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose
Soaked my clothes in blood grabbed me and choked my throat
I tried to plead and tell him 
But he just wouldn't leave he kept chokin me and I couldn't breathe
He looked at me and said 
The principal walked in 
and started helpin him stomp me
I made them think they beat me to death
Holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left
Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth
Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws
Grabbed some sharp objects brooms and foreign tools
"This is for every time you took my orange juice
or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk.
Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt.
I'm gettin you back bully! Now once and for good."
I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could
and beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood
Knocked him down stood on his chest with one foot..
.. Made it home later that same day
Started reading a comic and suddenly everything became gray
I couldn't even see what I was tryin to read
I went deaf and my left ear started to bleed
My mother started screamin "What are you on drugs?!?
Look at you you're gettin blood all over my rug!" 
She beat me over the head with the remote control
opened a hole and my whole brain fell out of my skull
I picked it up and screamed "Look bitch what have you done?!?"
 "Oh my God I'm sorry son"
  I said lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Life.. by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
put in front of your optical to slow you down
And everytime you think you gotten past it
it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they really your enemies with secret indentities
and disguises to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers
they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing YOUR shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin off
I'm tired of jobs startin off at five fifty an hour
then this boss wanders why I'm smartin off
I'm tired of being fired everytime I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
for this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square
Tired of not being a millionaire
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss
I'm tired of being white trash broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work
in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin half the skill as me
saying they wasn't feeling me on 
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of J-L-B saying 
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss
You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin?
I rap about shit around me shit I see
Know what I'm sayin? Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay you know what I'm sayin?
But ey it's cool though lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Just the two of us.. 
Baby your da-da loves you 
And I'ma always be here for you  no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you
C'mon Hai-Hai we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell  da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things and if she don't get her way she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife honey let go of it 
And don't look so upset why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? 
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves can't we?
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? 
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey quit tryin to climb out 
I told you it's okay HaiHai wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde me and my daughter
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
Wake up sweepy head we're here before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby don't cry honey don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear 
That's why you can't get her to wake but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? 
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now here we go on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! 
There goes mama spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad no more restraining order
No more step-da-da no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye tell mama you love her 
Now we'll go play in the sand build a castle and junk
But first just help dad with two more things out the trunk
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. 
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. 
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. 
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Justin? 
It's Zoe um 
Kelly did not have me call however I just listened to Eminem in her car and 
It is the most DISGUSTING lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Okay I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me
Mic check one two we recording?
I'm cancerous so when I diss you wouldn't want to answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I strangle you to death then I choke you again
And break your fucking legs
'Til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me I'mma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown ëcause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono 
So if I said I never did drugs that would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does
Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet 
My nerves hurt and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads 
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed take pills drop out of school kill people
And drink jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white ignorin' skill
Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave bathe go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?
Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D.
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?
Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door must have been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door put the orgy on hold
Killed them both and smeared blood in a white Bronco
My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped
I'm running out the morgue with your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm about as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
Will someone please explain to my brain that I just severed a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sigh either I'm high or I'm nuts
Cause if you ain't tilting this room neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
Cause when I drop this solo shit it's over with
I bought Cage's tape lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault
I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stoped usin.was into bosse and
alternative music. told me she was about to use it agzin. I said wiat first
try this hallucionagin its better than heroin and the the booze and the gin.
come here lets go in here. Who's in the den?  my bad! lets
try another room  shut up slut chew up this mushroom. this
will help you get in touch with your roots. We'll get bare-foot but naked and run
in the woods.  Oh dag I
didn't mean for you to eat the whole bag! 
 Get away from me I don't know you
Oh shoot she's tripping..
 I need to go puke!! 
I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature. 
Susan stop crying i don't hate ya. the worlds not against you I'm sorry your
father raped ya. So what you had your coochie in your dad's mouth. Thats no
reason to start wiggin and spaz out.
she said 
I said "I'm high too  Quit grabbin my T-shirt 
Would you calm down you're startin to scare me.
she said " I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married. I don't have any
kids and I can't cook"
I'm over here Sue  you're talkin to the plant look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late 
Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate.
Susan  Where you goin? You better be careful
 Leave me alone dad I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled
I'm not your dad quit tryin to swallow your tongue
Want some gum? Put down the scissors 'fore you do somethin dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these.
"John where's Dave at before I bash you?"
 He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude!
"Dave! Pull up your pants we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off and there's only two days left 
of Spring Break how long do these things take to wear off?"
 Well it depends on how many you had? I took three she ate the other
twenty-two caps Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballsdrinking lysol.
 I know and it's my fault!
My god!
My God lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Call this motherfucker 
Ohh fuck yeah
Give 'im a piece of my mind....
A piece of my ass
Thanks for waiting
This is 
May I help you?
Oh thank you
I need to make a collect call
What number?
Ohhh
The number's  62 
At the tone please say your name 
Kennith Kaniff....from Connecticut
Automated piece of shit
[phone rings man answers - presumably supposed to be Eminem]
 Yo
 Hey there cockboy
 Who's this?
 This is Ken Kannif
 Who?
 Ken Kannif from Connecticut ya little bitch
 From Connecticut?
 Yean you wanna get a...
 I don't know nobody in Connecticut
 You wanna get a hotel room with me?
 A hotel room?
 Yeah you want me to lick your ass EMINEM!?
 Ha.. Yo wh who is this? Cage?
 Hey pa ha..
You want me ta fuckin melt in your mouth and not in your hand? 
Melt in your ass lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hmm-hmm-hmhmhmmhm.. ahhh whooooo!! Shit
Yo mic check
Testing one two um... twelve
This is my dance song 
Can you hear me?
(Rah Digga Pacewon Young Zee)
Aight ay turn my headphones up
My favoite color is red like the blood shed
from Kurt Cobain's head when he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin at my shishkabob
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve
You thought I was livid now I'm even more so
Shit I got full blown AIDS and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe {*wolf whistle*}
I'm in the fourth row signin autographs at your show
I just remembered that I'm absent minded
Wait I mean I've lost my mind I can't find it
I'm freestylin every verse that I spit
cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (umm one two)
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
and gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
Put my LP on your Christmas gift list
You wanna get high here bitch just sniff this
Cum on everybody -- get down tonight 
Yo.. yo yo yo yo
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
Cause I don't give a fuck like my middle finger was stuck
and I was wavin it at everybody screamin  
I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd
and yell out loud 
Fuck rap I'm givin it up y'all I'm sorry
I'm bored out of my gourd -- so I took a hammer 
and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford
Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard
who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket 
One Excederin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage
 And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit
Cum on everybody -- get down tonight 
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin Beastie Boy {*wolf whistle*}
So I told em I was Mike D
They was like "Gee I don't know he might be!"
I told em "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert
I'll be standin by the Loch Ness Monster  peace out "
Then I jetted to the weed house
Smoked out til I started bustin freestyles
Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick (*slurping*}
Made a couple of crank calls collect [*brrrrrrring click*]
"Ken Kaniff from Connecticut can you accept?"
I wanna make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember when I bomb your set
Yo lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
A-yo!
This song is dedicated to all the happy people
All the happy people who have real nice lives
And have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck
I feel like I'm walking a tight rope without a circus net
I'm popping percocets I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect; but I work a sweat for this worthless check
'Bout to burst this tech at somebody to reverse this debt
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage
Especially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper
That's got my ass hyper
I pray that god answers maybe I'll ask nicer
Watching ballers while they're flossing in their pathfinders
These overnight stars becoming autograph signers
We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small fry's and average half pinters
While player haters turn bitch like they have vaginas
'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money'll brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
While snakes slither in the grass spineless
That's Rock Bottom
When this life makes you're mad enough to kill
That's Rock Bottom
When you want something bad enough to steal
That's Rock Bottom
When you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you're mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear
My life is full of empty promises
And broken dreams
I'm hoping things will look up
But there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged hungry and malnourished
Living in this house with no furnace unfurnished
And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
But fuck it if you know the rules to the game play
'Cause when we die we know we're all going the same way
It's cool to be the player but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man
Plus a luxury sedan
Too comfortable and roomy in a six
But they threw me in the mix
With all these gloomy lunatics
Who walk around depressed
And smoke a pound of ses a day
And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play
Live half my life and throw the rest away
There's people that love me and people that hate me 
But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing deceitful and shady
I want the money the women the fortune and the fame
That means I'll end up burning in hell scorching in flames
That means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name
There's lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
'Cause right now I feel like I've just hit the rock bottom
I got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em 
I'm screaming like those two cops when 2pac shot 'em
Holding two glocks lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Whoa!
A get your hands in the air and get to clapping 'em
And like back and forth because ah
This is what you thought it wasn't
It beez the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G 
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...
Slim Shady brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80 you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzing Dirty Dozen naughty rotten rhymer
Cursing at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it fuck it while we coming out in the open
I'm doing acid crack smack coke and smoking dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers I'm an alcoholic 
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch I'm coming out swinging so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the pudding just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screaming  like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talking that shit behind my back dirty mackin
Telling your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck stoned and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuck!
I'm nicer than Pete but I'm on a Search to crush a Milkbone
I'm everlasting I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezing
Flavor with no seasoning this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady Eminem was the old initials 
Extortion snorting supporting abortion
Pathological liar blowing shit out of proportion
The looniest zaniest spontaneous sporadic
Impulsive thinker compulsive drinker addict
Half animal half man
Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can
With more holes than an Afghan
Somebody let me out this limousine (hey let me out!)
I'm a caged demon on stage screaming like Rage Against The Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend shooting up while this record is spinning
Clinically brain dead I don't need a second opinion
Fuck dropping the jewel I'm flipping the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfucking style just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure I'm sick of bitches
Sick of nagging bosses bitching while I'm washing dishes
In school I never said much too busy having a headrush
Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snorting coke and smoking weed again
I'm going up over the curb driving on the median
Finally made it home but I don't got the key to get in
Shit fuck everything...
Outsiders Pace One lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Roger Skyler)
 Skylar Montgomery?
 What do you want from me Roger?
 I know it was you all along messing around with my dear Veronica!
 Wait a minute lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I don't know why this world keep turning
Round and Round
But I wish it would stop and let me off right now
Yes man
As the World Turns
We all experience things in life
Trials and Tribulations
That we all must go through
When someone wants to test us
When someone tries our patience
I hang with a bunch of hippies
and wacky tobacco planters
Who swallow lit roaches
and light up like jack-o-lanterns
Outsiders baby and we suing the courts
Cause we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source
They never should've booted me out of reform school
Deformed fooltaking a shit in a warm pool
They threw me out the Ramada Inn
I said it wasn't me I got a twin 
It all started when my mother took my bike away
Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave
After that It was straight to the 40 ouncers
Slappin teachers and jacking off in front of my counselors
Class clown freshman dressed like Les Nessman
Fuck the next lesson I'll past the test guessing
And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead
He'll never last the only class he'll pass is phys ed
May be true till I told this bitch in gym class
That she was too fat to swim laps she needed Slim Fast 
Yeah bitch you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig
She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
Put me in the headlock then I thought of my guinea pig
I felt the evilness and started transforming 
It began storming I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming
Grabbed that bitch by her hair
Drag her across the ground
And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down
Sorry coach its too late to tell me stop
While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop
As the World Turns
These are the days of our lives
These are the things that we must go through
Day by day
We drive around in million dollar sports cars
While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
Outsiders and we suing the courts
Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source
Hypochondriac hanging out at the laundromat
Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at
Dressed like a sailor standing by a pale of garbage
Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch
I met a slut and said "What up its nice to meet ya"
I'd like to treat ya to a Faygo and a slice of pizza
But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month
But if you care to join me I was bout to roll this next blunt
But I ain't got no weed no phillies or no papers
Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
So gimme all your money
And don't try nothing funny
Cause you know your stinking ass is too fat to try to outrun me
I went to grab my gun
That's when her ass put it on me
Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry
I fell through the glass doors
Started causing a scene
Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washing machine
Jumped up with a broken back
Thank god I was smocking crack all day
And doped up off coke and smack
All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
Now I wanna kill her
But so I gotta catch her first
Ran through Rally's parkin lot and took a shortcut
Saw the house she ran up in
And shot her fucking porch up
Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
Looked around the room
That's when I seen the bedroom door shut
I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked!
You might as well come out now
She said "Come in its unlocked!"
I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne
And seen her spread across the bed naked watching gay porn
She said "Come her big boy lets get acquainted"
I turned around to run twisted my ankle and sprained it
She came at me at full speed nothing could stop her
I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her
I started to beg "No please let go"
But she swallowed my fucking leg whole like an egg roll
With one leg left now I'm hoppin around crippled
I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple
Just trying to buy me some time then I remembered this magic trick
Den Den Den Den Den Den Go go gadget dick!
Whipped that shit out and ain't no doubt about it
It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage
I shouted "Now bitch lets see who gets the best!"
Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death 
Come here bitch!
Come here!
Take this motherfucking dick!
Bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough 
Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl 
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed 
 so come and kill me while my name's hot
And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot 
I think I got a generation brainwashed
to pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot 
Stop they blood flow until they veins clot
I need a pain shot and a shot of plain scotch
Purple haze and acid raindrops
Spike the punch at the party and drink pop 
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
Bad Boy I told you that I can't stop
You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you
So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you
I got mushrooms I got acid I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need some good weed to set you free
You know me I'm your friend when you need a minithin
 I'm Shady!!
I like happy things I'm really calm and peaceful 
I like birds bees I like people
I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful 
like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool 
The ill type I stab myself with a steel spike
while I blow my brain out just to see what it feels like
cause this is how I am in real life 
I don't want to just die a normal death I wanna be killed twice 
How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat
when they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet 
So bring the money by tonight - cause your wife 
said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life 
I try to keep it positive and play it cool
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school 
Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter
I got mushrooms I got acid I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need some good weed to set you free
You know me I'm your friend when you need a minithin
 I'm Shady!!
Yo.. I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it 
Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit 
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup uh huh)
But they love it when you make your business public
so fuck it I've got herpes while we on the subject 
And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it
cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin when I say it
-- Well I do take pills don't do speed
Don't do crack  don't do coke I do smoke weed 
Don't do smack I do do shrooms do drink beer 
I just wanna make a few things clear
My baby mama's not dead  she's still alive and bitchin 
And I don't have herpes my dick's just itchin
It's not syphilis and as for being AIDS infested
I don't know yet I'm too scared to get tested
I got mushrooms I got acid I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need some good weed to set you free
You know me I'm your friend when you need a minithin
 I'm Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha ha! Ha hah hah..) I told you I was Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha hah-ha! Ha hah hah-ha hah-ha lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know there's a story behind that there saloon
Twenty years ago two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop 'em
Quickest damn gun-slingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold-blood
That old saloon there was their little 
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night
You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce da 5'9"
I don't speak I float in the air wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph
And a noise is spread picked up and transmitted through Royce's head
Trap him in his room possess him and hoist his bed
Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead
I asked him to come to the dark side
He made a choice and said...
Who hard? Yo I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic whose mental capacity holds
That of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kissed the cheek of the Devil
Intelligence level is hellier than treble peaking on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal I'm not a fair man
Disgraced the race of an atheist
Intercepting missiles with my bare hands like a patriot
One track sliced without swords
I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life when the black knight mounted the white horse
And stay over-worked it's like the Nazis and the Nation
Collaborating attempting to take over the Earth
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Above the law cause I don't agree with police either (Shit me neither)
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me with the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three lethal amounts
While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle
Releasing rage on anybody in squeezing range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain
No I'm not I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off
Cause I can't find a decent vein
The disaster with dreads
I'm bad enough to commit suicide
And survive long enough to kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger it's funny actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
Cause I serve any stranger with money
I spray a hundred man until they joint chains
While slipping bullets at point-blank range like they was punches
Piss on a flag and burn it murder you then come to your funeral
Service lobby and strangle your body to confirm it
Whipping human ass throwing blows cracking jaws
With my fists wrapped in gauze dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazing MCs at the same time amazing MCs
Somehow MCs ain't that eyebrow-raising to me
From all of angles of us flash a Mack loud enough
To cast a avalanche and bust till volcanoes erupt
Hello?  Aiyyo what's up 
STOP THEY KNOW IT'S US!!
I used to be a loudmouth remember me?
I'm the one who burned your house down well I'm out now
And this time I'm coming back to blow your house up
And I ain't gon' leave you a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm getting ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe
Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Against peaceful see you in hell for the sequel
 See you in hell
Wall Street Royce Da 5'9" Slim Shady
See you in hell for the sequel 
Bad Meets Evil what 
And so that's the story when Bad meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back coming out of that old saloon
But their spirits still live on till this day
Shhh... wait lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
A lot of people ask me.. am I afraid of death..
Hell yeah I'm afraid of death
I don't want to die yet
A lot of people think.. that I worship the devil..
that I do all types of.. retarded shit
Look I can't change the way I think
And I can't change the way I am
But if I offended you? Good
Cause I still don't give a fuck
I'm zonin off of one joint stoppin a limo
Hopped in the window shoppin a demo at gunpoint
A lyricist without a clue what year is this?
Fuck a needle here's a sword bodypierce with this
Livin amuk never givin a fuck
Gimme the keys I'm drunk and I've never driven a truck
But I smoke dope in a cab
I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab
Come back the next week and re-open your scab 
A killer instinct runs in the blood
Emptyin full clips and buryin guns in the mud
I've calmed down now -- I was heavy once into drugs
I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz
My brain's gone my soul's worn and my spirit is torn
The rest of my body's still bein operated on
I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin this rhyme
Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin this time
For all the weed that I've smoked - yo this blunt's for you
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
To all the friends I used to have - yo I miss my past
But the rest of you assholes can KISS MY ASS
For all the drugs that I've done - yo I'm still gon' do
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
For everytime I reminisce - yo I miss my past
But I still don't give a fuck y'all can KISS MY ASS
I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
And cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue
I'll hang you til you dangle and chain you with both ankles
And pull you apart from both angles
I wanna crush your skull til your brains leaks out of your veins
And bust open like broken water mains
So tell Saddam not to bother with makin another bomb 
Cause I'm crushin the whole world in my palm
Got your girl on my arm and I'm armed with a firearm
So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb
Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on
And the pants to match 
I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives
a brain full of adverbs and a box full of laxatives
 Causin hospital accidents
God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again 
I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it
Spend a million a track and went over my budget 
Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt?
I can't rap anymore - I just murdered the alphabet
Drug sickness got me doin some bugged twitches
I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches
I don't rap to get the women - fuck bitches 
Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes
Never ran with a click - I'm a posse
Kamikaze strappin a motherfuckin bomb across me
From the second I was born my momma lost me 
I'm a cross between Manson Esham and Ozzy
I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place 
My worst day on this earth was my first birthday
Retarded? What did that nurse say? Brain damage?
Fuck lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yo.. yo! 
Mic check...
Testing...one two 
Ffff-fuck... my nuts..
My attitude is worse than N.W.A.'s was
I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people
Who ain't have shit to do with it like Cool J does 
You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin
Puffy is good  but Slim Shady is for the children! 
I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it
Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like
You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; cause I don't like rap anyway
I'm just tryin to get my porno career started
Every place and event.. (been there done that)
Shit dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
 Come on let's go!
Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters
Lesson one: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
Lesson two: Face em and diss em 
Don't give 'em a demo; kidnap 'em 
And make em come to your basement and listen
Lesson three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with canibus
And put yours on the owner's table 
Lesson four: Know you heard this before:
"Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow for sure!"
Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed? 
Get the whitest A&R you can find
Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
Lesson five: Get a hook-up at jive
Dress up like I.C.P and have them come see you perform live
And that's the key but when you see me on the street; I ain't
Givin you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me 
Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin
Cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like master p 
Got a blowjob from paula jones and stuffed it so far in her mouth
My balls broke both of her collarbones 
Told mya this shit was all about me-ah 
Gave alyssa milano syphillis mono and gonorrhea 
And all three of my main girls said see-ya
Cause brandy and monica walked in and caught me fuckin aaliyah
 I splish splash while I'm takin a bath
Grab a handful of pills break em in half take em and laugh
White trash -- fuckin your wife in the ass 
While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass
So if I hurt your self-esteem
And you get dissed too bad 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
I can't listen to that song that shit's too sad!
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
He'll never make it his wrist is slit too bad! 
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play
Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
Hi Renee!  I was just about to toss a live grenade
In your driveway  and drive away 
Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with aids
Blood drippin from it rippin your stomach like a paper mache
You talk a lotta shit but you was never ill though
I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
Tipped over some cows just for a joke and a laugh 
Jumped up choked a giraffe snapped his neck and broke it in half
Wagin wars went on stage and sprayed cage with 
And wiped my ass with his page in source 
The demon is here steamin this year
I rip  voicebox out scream in his ear 
It's not a gimmick bitch it's an image I live it
Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it
Yeah I don't think this guy is well.. I'm high as hell
I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail
I'll fuckin' I'll fuckin'
Lay your nuts on the dresser
Just your nutsack by itself
And bang them shits with a spiked bat
Cut your neck off and sew your head right back
And leave you like that
You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor
Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than chris-topher
Reeves I was teething with strep throat
While your mother was breastfeeding
And gave her the flesh-eating disease
I'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees
And walkin through south central l.a. bleedin in jeans
 wakin up the next day in breathin machines
Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes
On how you just got smoked and if you do live
You'll be too scared to tell it like a biggie and 'pac joke
I know that makes you real mad don't it? 
That's right lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
This is another public service announcement 
Brought to you in part by Slim Shady 
Slim Shady does not give a fuck what you think 
If you don't like it you can suck his fucking cock 
Little did you know upon purchasing this album 
You have just kissed his ass! 
Slim Shady is fed up with your shit 
And he's going to kill you 
Uh anything else? 
Yeah lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
When I was just a little baby boy
my momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man
she used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
and I realized she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
cause that's just the way she was
They said I can't rap about being broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
 Slut you think I won't choke no whore
'til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!
 These motherfuckers are thinking I'm playing
Thinking I'm saying the shit cause I'm thinking it just to be saying it
 Put your hands down bitch I ain't gonna shoot you
I'ma pull +YOU+ to this bullet and put it through you
 Shut up slut you're causing too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut OK Ma?
"Oh now he's raping his own mother abusing a whore
snorting coke and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"
You god damn right BITCH and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states
I invented violence you vile venomous volatile bitches
vain Vicadin vrinnn Vrinnn VRINNN! 
Texas Chainsaw left his brains all
dangling from his neck while his head barely hangs on
Blood guts guns cuts
Knives lives wives nuns sluts
Bitch I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither - you ain't nothing but a slut to me
Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gonna never stop beefing I don't squash the beef
You better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead
for popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't said
But when they kill me - I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me
.. I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
Cause Shady will fucking kill you..
Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon I'ma conceal you
in a closet with mildew sheets pillows and film you
Buck with me I been through hell shut the hell up!
I'm trying to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't "acid rap" but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
WHOOPS! Is that a subliminal hint? NO!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? NO! Eminem insult
And if you ever give in to him you give him an impulse
to do it again THEN if he does it again
you'll probably end up jumping out of something up on the 10th
 Bitch I'ma kill you I ain't done this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times
in a tub but that's normal ain't it Norman?
Serial killer hiding murder material
in a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again we're out of our medicine
out of our minds and we want in yours let us in
Eh-heh know why I say these things?
Cause lady's screams keep creeping in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
this eighty G's a week to say the same things TWEECE!
TWICE? Whatever I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink?
FUCK THAT! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
from fat bitch to off seventy-thousand pounds of her
from principal to the student body and counselor
from in-school to before school to out of school
I don't even believe in breathing I'm leaving air in your lungs
just to hear you keep screaming for me to seep it
OK I'M READY TO GO PLAY
I GOT THE MACHETE FROM O.J.
I'M READY TO MAKE EVERYONE'S THROAT ACHE
You faggots keep egging me on
'til I have you at knifepoint then you beg me to stop?
SHUT UP! Give me your hands and feet
I said SHUT UP when I'm talking to you
YOU HEAR ME? ANSWER ME!
[first line starts  ninth line starts ]
Ha ha lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad it's not so bad
Dear Slim I wrote you but you still ain't calling
I left my cell my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it what's been up? Man how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too I'm bout to be a father
If I have a daughter guess what I'mma call her?
I'mma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too that shit was phat
Anyways I hope you get this man hit me back
Just to chat truly yours your biggest fan
This is Stan
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad it's not so bad
Dear Slim you still ain't called or wrote I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you
For four hours and you just said 
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
He wants to be just like you man he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither;
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up
You gotta call me man I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours Stan
P.S.
We should be together too
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad it's not so bad
Dear Mister I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim I drank a fifth of vodka you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins 
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't then Phil saw it all then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late. I'm on a 1000 downers now I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I love you Slim we coulda been together think about it
You ruined it now I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See Slimóshut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Hey Slim that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat I just tied her up. See I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more and then she'll die too
Well gotta go I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit I forgot how'm I supposed to send this shit out?
[*car tires squeal crash loud splash*]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad it's not so bad
Dear Stan I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now how far along is she?
Look I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clowning dogg
C'mon! How fucked up is you?
You got some issues Stan I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself I think that you'll be doing just fine
If you relax a little I'm glad I inspire you but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Em... what's going on lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I never knew I..
I never knew I..
Mic check one-two
I never knew I..
Who woulda knew?
I never knew I..
Who'da known?
I never knew I..
Fuck would've thought
I never knew I..
Motherfucker comes out
I never knew I..
and sells a couple of million records
I never knew I..
And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
I never knew I..
I don't do black music I don't do white music
I make fight music for high school kids
I put lives at risk when I drive like this {*tires screech*}
I put wives at risk with a knife like this 
Shit you probably think I'm in your tape deck now
I'm in the back seat of your truck with duct tape stretched out
Ducked the fuck way down waitin to straight jump out
put it over your mouth and grab you by the face what now?
Oh - you want me to watch my mouth how?
Take my fuckin eyeballs out and turn em around?
Look - I'll burn your fuckin house down circle around
and hit the hydrant so you can't put your burning furniture out
 I'm sorry there must be a mix-up
You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked?
 Fuck that take drugs rape sluts
Make fun of gay clubs men who wear make-up
Get aware wake up get a sense of humor
Quit tryin to censor music this is for your kid's amusement
 But don't blame me when lil' Eric jumps off of the terrace
You shoulda been watchin him - apparently you ain't parents
Cause I never knew I knew I would get this big
I never knew I knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I knew I would get this big
I never knew I knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch
So who's bringin the guns in this country? 
I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in London
And last week I seen a Schwarzaneggar movie
where he's shootin all sorts of these motherfuckers with a uzi
I sees three little kids up in the front row
screamin "Go" with their 17-year-old Uncle
I'm like "Guidance - ain't they got the same moms and dads
who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?"
And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear
What about the make-up you allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear?
 So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
when his bus driver's screamin at him fuckin him up worse
("Go sit the fuck down you little fuckin prick!")
And fuck was the first word I ever learned
up in the third grade flippin the gym teacher the bird 
So read up about how I used to get beat up
peed on be on free lunch and change school every 3 months
My life's like kinda what my wife's like 
Fucked up after I beat her fuckin ass every night Ike
So how much easier would life be
if 19 million motherfuckers grew to be just like me?
I never knew I.. knew I'd..
have a new house or a new car
A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are
I don't got that bad of a mouth do I?
Fuck shit ass bitch cunt shooby-de-doo-wop 
Skibbedy-be-bop a-Christopher Reeves
Sonny Bono skis horses and hittin some trees 
How many retards'll listen to me
and run up in the school shootin when they're pissed at a
teach-er her him is it you is it them?
"Wasn't me Slim Shady said to do it again!"
Damn! How much damage can you do with a pen?
Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
if you woulda been in my shoes lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
 'eyyy!
 Hey Em what's up?
 Steve Berman. What's goin' on man how you doin'? 
Good to see you again. What's up?
 Em could you come in here and have a seat please?
 Umm yeah what's...
 Vanessa? Shut the door
 Okay 
 So what's up? How's orders looking for the first week?
 It would be better if you gave me nothing at all
 Wh...
 This album is less than nothing. I can't sell this fucking record
 Wha...
 Do you know what's happening to me out there?
 Wh-wha-what's the problem?
 Violent Ground told me to go fuck myself!
 Who's Violent...?
 Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass! 
Do you know what it feels like 
to be told to have a record shoved up your ass?
 But I...
 I'm gonna lose my fuckin' job over this 
You know why Dre's record was so successful? 
He's rappin' about big-screen T.V.s blunts 40's and bitches. 
You're rappin' about homosexuals and Vicadin
 I mean-
 I can't sell this shit!
 What...
 Either change the record or it's not coming out!
 What lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Whatever...
Dre just let it run
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen aiyyo...
I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this - on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensing these sentences
Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully ...
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
Do not come and speak to me ...
I don't know you and no
I don't owe you a motherfucking thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty ...
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm lifting you 10 feet ... in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you ...
I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be it's just me
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am
Sometimes I just feel like my father
I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense it's constant
And "Oh it's his lyrical content -
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me ...
So I point one back at 'em but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn ... and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see an upper class city
Having this happening ...
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way ...
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burning and I have returned
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am
I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on 
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience ...
To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent and grab on my balls so they always keep asking
The same fucking questions ...
What school did I go to what hood I grew up in
The why the who what when the where and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out
'Cause they driving me crazy ... I can't take it
I'm racing I'm pacing I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit in the bathroom
Without someone standing by it
No I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
I don't know lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here..
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door
And started whooping her ass worse than before
They first were divorced throwing her over furniture 
It's the return of the... "Ah wait no way you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead he's locked in my basement! 
Feminist women love Eminem
"Slim Shady I'm sick of him
Look at him walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who.Yeah but he's so cute though!"
Yeah I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel don't they?
 Well some of us cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes 
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
 But if you feel like I feel I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose sing the chorus and it goes
'Cause I'm Slim Shady yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up please stand up?
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records;
Well I do so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me let alone stand me
"But Slim what if you win wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo Shit Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah he's cute but I think he's married to Kim hee-hee!"
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD 
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you 
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk talk and act like me
It just might be the next best thing but not quite me!
I'm like a head trip to listen to cause I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it  I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums
It's funny; 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King spitting on your onion rings
 Or in the parking lot circling
Screaming 
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time loud as you can how does it go?
Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. RBX Sticky Fingaz)
Remember me? ("Step in execution")
Remember me? 
Remember me? 
Remember me? 
For this one it's the X you retarded?
Cause I grab the mic and get DOWN like Syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses without boundaries
which qualifies me for the term 
Without no rehearsal I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not the one you wanna contest see
cause I'll hit yo' ass like the train did that bitch 
that got  -- heavyweight hitter
Hit you watch your whole head split up
Loco-is-the-motion we comin through
Hollow tips is the lead the .45 threw
Remember me? 
Remember me? 
Remember me? 
Remember me? 
Niggaz that take no for an answer get told no
Yeah I been told no but it was more like "No no no!!!"
Life a bitch that'll fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
this vet is ahead of 
The shit is all redder you deader and deader
A medic instead-a the cheddars and credda 
Settle vendetta one metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence? NOPE! Never leave a shred-of
I got the soul of every rapper in me love me or hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef nigga? PBBT! You better dead that shit
My name should be 
Probably sayin  but I'm killin myself
Smoke death fuck bitches raw on the kitchen floor
So think what I'ma do to you have done to you
Got niggaz in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do cocksuckers? We glock busters
'Til the cops cuff us we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
'Round the clock hustlers you cannot touch us
I'm gettin wires niggaz wantin me dead wantin my head
You think it could be somethin I said? {*echoes*}
Remember me? 
Remember me? ("Yeah fuck you too!")
Remember me? 
Remember me? 
When I go out I'ma go out shootin
I don't mean when I die I mean when I go out to the club stupid
I'm tryin to clear up my fuckin' image 
so I promised the fuckin critics
I wouldn't say  for six minutes
(*click* Six minutes Slim Shady you're on)
My baby's mom bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong I keep thinkin these crazy thoughts
in my cranium but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
Came home and somebody musta broke in the back window
and stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes two kids sixteen
with M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
FUCK THAT! PBBT! Tou faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
and re-appear in hell with a can of gas AND a match
Aftermath Dre grab the gat show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you starin at lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
That's why they call me Slim Shady  
I'm Back   I'm Back
I murder a rhyme one word at a time
You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better get rid of that nine it ain't gonna help
What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
I'm waitin for hell like hell shit I'm anxious as hell
Manson you're safe in that cell be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen I was puttin shells in a gauge on a shelf
I used to get punked and bullied on my block
'til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
 I used to give a - fuck now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of suc-cess? It sucks too much press I'm stressed
Too much stares two breasts too upset
It's just too much mess I guess I must just blew up quick 
Grew up quick  was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong whatever I say is right
You think of my name now whenever you say 
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-
-T-E cuz MTV was so friendly to me
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me
Now is it worth it? Look at my life how is it perfect?
Read my lips bitch what my mouth isn't workin?
You hear this finger? Oh it's upside down
Here let me turn this motherfucker up right now
I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim
and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe 
 My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational 
With Ken Kaniff who just finds the men edible
It's Ken Kaniff on the internet
Tryin to lure your kids with him into bed
It's a sick world we live in these days
Geez you guys are so sensitive
"Slim it's a touchy subject try and just don't mention it"
Mind with no sense in it fried to get so frenetic
whose eyes get so squinted I'm blind from smokin 'em
with my windows tinted with nine limos rented
Doin lines of coke in 'em with a bunch of guys hoppin out 
all high and indo scented (inhales exhales)
And that's where I get my name from that's why they call me
I take seven  from  stand 'em all in line
Add an AK-47 a revolver a nine
a Mack-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
and that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
Cause  Shady they call me as crazy
as the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way N'Sync why do they sing?
Am I the only one who realizes they stink?
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think?
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things
Cause all these fans screamin is makin my ears ring 
So I just throw up a middle finger and let it linger
longer than the rumor that I was stickin it to Christina
Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
it'd be Jennifer Lopez and Puffy you know this!
I'm sorry Puff but I don't give a fuck if this chick was my own mother
I still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
and have a son and a new brother at the same time
and just say that it ain't mine what's my name?
Guess who's b-back back
Gue-gue-guess who's back 
 Guess who's back
 Gue  guess who's back
D-12  Guess who's back
Gue gue-gue-gue guess who's back
Dr. Dre  Guess who's back
Back back  back
Slim Shady lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
You know I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody
This year I'm sellin records
Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em somethin
Heh the fuck you want from me ten million dollars?
Get the fuck out of here
You see I'm just Marshall Mathers 
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me 
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
all they did was doubt me 
Now everybody wanna run they mouth
and try to take shots at me 
Yo you might see me joggin you might see me walkin
You might see me walkin a dead rottweiler dog
with it's head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
hollerin at him cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin
(grrrr ARF ARF) Or leanin out a window with a cocked shotgun
Drivin up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in
Lookin for Big's killers dressed in ridiculous
blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this
Watchin all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
and get dollars that shoulda been there's like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' poppin and wristwatches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
and walk around with an empty bottle of Remi Martin
startin shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman 
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
with instincts to kill N'Sync don't get me started
These fuckin brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars
All I see is sissies in magazines smiling
Whatever happened to whylin out and bein violent?
Whatever happened to catchin a good-ol' fashioned
passionate ass-whoopin and gettin your shoes coat and your hat tooken?
New Kids on the Block sucked a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it.. 
Vanilla Ice don't like me 
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me 
Then went and dyed his hair just like me 
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
and run around screamin "I don't care just bite me" 
I think I was put here to annoy the world
and destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
and call themselves  cause they look queer
Faggot2Dope and Silent Gay
Claimin Detroit when y'all live twenty miles away 
And I don't wrestle I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
after they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
 Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck blaow!
Look at y'all runnin your mouth again
when you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road South of 10
And I don't need help from D-12 to beat up two females
in make-up who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
"Slim Anus" you damn right Slim Anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots!
Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers 
I'm not a wrestler guy
I'll knock you out if you talk about me 
Come and see me on the streets alone
if you assholes doubt me 
And if you wanna run your mouth
then come take your best shot at me 
Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch get off me go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
and this fucked up head that I've got I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh he just did some shit with Missy
so now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy"
My fuckin bitch mom's suin for ten million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin
Shit where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it bitch Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter your  faggot!
Talkin about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass 
So tell me what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make another relative sues
Family fightin and fussin over who wants to invite me to supper
All the sudden I got 90 some cousins 
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house
Hey-hey! And then to top it off I walked to the newsstand
to buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page flipped right fast
and what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay let me give you motherfuckers some help:
uhh here - DOUBLE XL DOUBLE XL
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Ahh fuck it lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
 Yeah hahahaha...whooooo shit!
 Guess what? I ain't coming in yet...
I'll come in a minute
 Ayo...This is my love song...it goes like this
Back when Mark Walhberg was Marky Mark
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to mix Hen' with Bacardi Dark
And when it kicks in you can hardly talk
And by the sixth gin you're gonna probably crawl
And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf
And my pre-diction is you're gonna probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
And everything's spinning
You're beginin' to think women
are swimming in pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches
You have the right to remain violent and start wilin'
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart eyin' you
Get in your car start it and start drivin'
Over the island and cause a 42 car pile-up
Earth calling pilot to co-pilot
Looking at the life on this planet sir no sign of it
All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin'
And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it
Let me out of this place
I'm outta place
I'm in outer space
I've just vanished without a trace
I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow
I'll be back in an hour or so
'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Someone keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me
'Cause every time I try to tell them 
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me
In third grade all I used to do
Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubic's cube
17 years later I'm as Rude as Jude
Scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs
I've got no game
And every face looks the same
They've got no name
So I don't need game to play
I just say whatever I want to whoever I want
Whenever I want wherever I want however I want
However I do show some respect to few
As ecstasy got me standing next to you
Getting sentimental as fuck spillin' guts to you
We just met
But I think I'm in love with you
But you're on it too
So you tell me you love me too
Wake up in the morning like "yo what the fuck we do?"
I gotta go bitch
You know I have stuff to do
'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you
But in the long run
These drugs are probably going to catch up sooner or later
But fuck it I'm on one
So let's enjoy
Let the X destroy your spinal cord
So it's not a straight line no more
'Til we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls
Shit's sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur
Shit six hits won't even get me high no more
So bye for now
I'm going to try to find some more
That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
When you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow you're probably going to want to do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it
And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning?
And what's a little fight?
Tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life
Live it however you wanna
Marijuana is everywhere
Where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're going
'Cause none of the shit is going to mean shit where we're going
They tell you to stop but you just sit there ignoring
Even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning
But you're young
You've got a lot of drugs to do
Girls to screw
Parties to crash
Sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now I wouldn't
I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't
But I'm all grown up now and upgraded and graduated
Did better drugs and updated
But I've still got a lot of growing up to do
I've still got a whole lot of throwing up to spew
But when it's all said and done I'll be 40
Before I know it with a 40 on the porch telling stories
With a bottle of Jack
Two grandkids in my lap
Babysitting for Hailie while Hailie's out getting smashed
[Same as previous lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
)
Dahh-dum dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum dahh-dum duh-da-da-da-da
Dahh-dum dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum dahh-dum dumm..
Mentally ill from Amityville 
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he will 
Mentally ill from Amityville
I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick 
Pen full of ink think sinful and rap sick shit
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers 
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches 
Ask Bizzy he's been here the past six years
Mash with me you'll get in imagine this
I fucked my cousin in his asshole slit my mother's throat
 Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?
My little sister's birthday she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity
 And bitches know me as a horny ass freak
Their mother wasn't raped I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep
Pissy-drunk throwing up in the urinal 
That's what I said at my dad's funeral
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fucking idiots still 
That's why the first motherfucker poppin some shit he gets killed 
That's why we don't call it Detroit we call it Amityville 
You can get capped after just having a cavity filled 
Ahahahaha that's why we're crowned the murder capital still 
This ain't Detroit this is motherfucking Hamburger Hill! 
We don't do drivebys we park in front of houses and shoot
and when the police come we fucking shoot it out with them too!
That's the mentality here  that's the reality here 
Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here?? 
While I'm holding a pistol with this many calibres here?? 
Got some registration and just made this shit valid this year? 
Cause once i snap i cant be held accountable for my actions
and that's when accidents happen
when a thousand bullets come at your house
and collapse the foundation around and they found you
and your family in it 
GOT DAMNIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU
Dum tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Dr. Dre Nate Dogg Snoop Dogg Xzibit)
Yeah whattup Detroit?
Nu-uh nu-uh nuh-no he didn't!
Ahhh! They didn't do it again
what-what what-what?
Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre?
Oh fo' sho'!
Uh-uh naw ya smell that?
This is special right here
What-what what-what-what?
Yeah it's a toast to the boogie baby
Uhh to the boogie-oogie-oogie
Yeah y'know! What's crackin Dre?
Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit 
Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts
and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconcious
 Some of these crowds that Slim draws
is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw +IS+ niggaz from Crenshaw
from Long Beach to South Central 
 Whoa not these niggaz again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
 You and what army could harm me?
D-R-E and Shady with Doggy from Long Beach
 Came a long way to makin these songs play
It'll be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz' and I carry it all day
 Sometimes it's like a nightmare just bein Andre
but I..
somehow someway - tell 'em nigga
You know about Dogg-ay 
Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin from
I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son
Hit-and-run get it done get the funds split and run
Got about fifty guns and I love all of 'em the same - bang bang!
Damn baby girl what's your name?
I forgot - what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin in the club with my nephew Eminem
 Whattup cuz? 
The Great White American Hope done hooked up
with the King of the motherfuckin West coast bay-bayy!
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
 That's the devil they always wanna dance
I'm the Head Nigga In Charge I'm watchin you move
You're found dead in your garage with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside come bounce with us
Standin over you with a twelve gauge about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff
Bitch please - you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees - c'mon
Awww naww big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls dick six inch long
Back up in the heezy BAY-BAY
He's Sha-day!
He's so cra-zay!
Hahaha! Gimme the mic let me recite 'til Timothy White
pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal makin a living
off of the world's misery - what in the world gives me the right
to say what I like and walk around flippin the bird
Livin the urban life like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin at night of screamin at mom schemin to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
that somewhere deep down there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found so the reason you've been seeing this me
is cause this is me now the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me dressin up like a nerd on TV
or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely
it's just me being me here want me to tone it down?
 Suck my fuckin dick you faggot
You happy now? Look here
I start some trouble everywhere that I go 
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know 
I start some shit they throw me out the back do' 
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo' 
2001 and forever
Slim Shady Dr. Dre Snoop Dogg X to the Z Nate Dogg
C'mon lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Aww look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby
Little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you.
How did you get so big?
Can't believe it now you're two
Baby you're so precious
Daddy's so proud of you
Sit down bitch
If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you
Don't make me wake this baby
She don't need to see what I'm about to do
Quit crying bitch why do you always make me shout at you?
How could you?
Just leave me and love him out the blue
Oh what's the matter Kim?
Am I too loud for you?
Too bad bitch you're gonna finally hear me out this time
At first I'm like all right
You wanna throw me out? That's fine!
But not for him to take my place are you out your mind?
This couch this TV this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?
Look at Kim
Look at your husband now!
I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now is he?
Little punk!
Shut the fuck up!
You think I give a fuck!
Come on we're going for a ride bitch
Sit up front
(Well I can't just leave Hailie alone what if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back
Well I will you'll be in the trunk
So long bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
You really fucked me Kim
You really did a number on me
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then Kim I was only 18
That was years ago
I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up!
Oh God my brain is racing
What are you doing?
Change the station I hate this song!
Does this look like a big joke?
There's a four year old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat
In your living room ha-ha
What you think I'm kiddin' you?
You loved him didn't you?
Bullshit you bitch don't fucking lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you asshole yeah bite me
Kim KIM!
Why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly don't you
No you think I'm ugly
Get the fuck away from me don't touch me
I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU!
I SWEAR TO GOD I HATE YOU
OH MY GOD I LOVE YOU
How the fuck could you do this to me?
How the fuck could you do this to me?
So long bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
Come on get out
I said get out bitch!
(Let go of my hair please don't do this baby)
(Please I love you look we can just take Hailie and leave)
Fuck you you did this to us
You did it it's your fault
Oh my God I'm crackin' up
Get a grip Marshall
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie
That was funny wasn't it?
That was funny wasn't it?
See it all makes sense doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced
And while this is goin' on
His son just woke up and he just walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut
(Oh my God!)
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I should have known better when you started to act weird
We could've... HEY! Where you going? Get back here!
You can't run from me Kim
It's just us nobody else!
You're only making this harder on yourself
Ha! Ha! Got'cha!
Ha! Go ahead yell!
Here I'll scream with you!
AH SOMEBODY HELP!
Don't you get it bitch no one can hear you?
Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you
You were supposed to love me
NOW BLEED! BITCH BLEED!
BLEED! BITCH BLEED! BLEED!
So long bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Translation
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick - ha ha!
Two pills I pop 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies
I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties
A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass
so the rats can't chew through his last pants
I'm like a mummy at night fightin with bright lightning
Frightened with five little white Vicadin pills bitin him
I'm like a fuckin wasp in the hospital lost
Stingin the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls
I light a candle and place it up on the mantle
Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin handle
So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds hurtin
 Bitch it's too late
 Cause once you're hung from the drapes it's curtains
I'm an instigator .380 slug penetrator
Degradin creatin murders to kill haters
Accused for every crime known through the equator
They knew I did it  for havin blood on my 'gators
My weed'll hit yo' chest like a double barrel gauge an'
I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face 
With a fifth in me when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose
You never hear me say 
I'm snatchin every penny - it gotta be that way nigga face it
That weed I sold to you Brigade laced it
You hidin I make the president get a facelift
Niggaz just afraid handin me they bracelets
Chillin in the lab wasted
I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin - throw up on the mic
Your life is ruined you get socked right on site
And even at the Million Man March we gon' fight
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick
Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick
I'm a compulsive liar settin my preacher on fire
Slashin your tires flyin down Fenkel and Meyers
Plates expired soon as I'm hired I'm fired
Jackin my dick off in a bed of barbed wire
(Hey is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer?
Special invited guest will be Richard Pryor
 Nah bitch I'm retired
Fuckin your bitch in the ass with a tire iron
I'm ripped I'm on an acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for lettin the record skip.. 
Lettin the record skip.. 
Lettin the record skip..  
I'm fuckin anything when I'm snortin
It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pit bull an abortion
 Some bitch asked for my autograph
I called her a whore spit beer in her face and laughed
I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam
All bitches is hoes even my stinkin ass mom
Aiyyo flashback two feets two deep up in that ass crack
Weed laced with somethin  nigga pass that
In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats
At a 'Stop the Violence' rally I blast gats
Be your mom on publishin get your ASCAP-ped
The Kuniva divide up your cash stack
Run your motherfuckin pockets ASAP
I don't need a platinum chain bitch I snatch Shaq's
Born loser half theif and half black
Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker rich rappers get they Jag jacked
and found chopped up in a trash bag
We stranglin rappers until the point they can't yell
cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Reckless come from behind and snatch your necklace
Gruesome and causin more violence than nine hoodlums
I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle
Run right past you turn around grab you and stab you
Get executed cuz I'm a 
I got a  and it's polluted
I cock it back then shoot it
I love snatchin up players thugs and young ballers
Shoot up the household even the young toddlers
Brigade barricade to bring the noise
While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys
If I go solo I'm doin a song with Bolo
A big Chinese nigga screamin 
I leave ya face leakin run up in church 
and smack the preacher while he's preachin
Take a swing at the deacon
I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight
I was straight 'til I got caught sellin em shake
I'm ignorant with the intent to snatch your rent
I got kicked out of summer camp for havin sex in my tent
with the superintendent's daughter my brain's out of order
I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin in water
In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von
who got fired from UPS for tryin to send you a bomb
 I signed to a local label for fun
Say I got cancer get dropped take the advancement and run
Driveby you in the rain while you carry your son
Call your house and hang up on you for not givin me none
Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
Got a reputation for havin niggaz runnin they funds
Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin some one's
'til I met your fat mama now I'm rollin in dough
Haha.. suck my motherfuckin dick
D-12.. Dirty motherfuckin Dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin husbands
Bizarre kid
Swifty McVeigh
The Kon Artis
The Kuniva
Dirty Harry
Haha lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
A lot of people ask me.. stupid fucking questions
A lot of people think that.. what I say on records
or what I talk about on a record that I actually do in real life
or that I believe in it
Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody that..
I'm actually gonna do it
or that I believe in it
Well shit.. if you believe that
then I'll kill you
You know why?
Cause I'm a
CRIMINAL
CRIMINAL
You god damn right
I'm a CRIMINAL
Yeah I'm a CRIMINAL
My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head
whether you're a fag or lez
Or the homosex hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress - hate fags? The answer's 
Homophobic?  Nah you're just heterophobic
Staring at my jeans watching my genitals bulging 
That's my motherfucking balls you'd better let go of em
They belong in my scrotum you'll never get hold of em
Hey it's me Versace
Whoops somebody shot me!
And I was just checking the mail
Get it?  Checking the 'male'?
How many records you expecting to sell
after your second LP sends you directly to jail?
C'mon!-- Relax guy I like gay men
Right Ken?  Give me an amen 
Please Lord this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child help us destroy these demons
Oh and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital
Preacher preacher fifth grade teacher
You can't reach me my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing cause
I watch TV and Comcast cable
and you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from topping these charts
And you can't stop me from dropping each March
with a brand new CD for these fucking retards
Duhhh and to think it's just little ol' me
Mr. "Don't Give A Fuck" still won't leave
I'm a CRIMINAL
Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime
to tell em what's on my mind - I guess I'm a CRIMINAL
but I don't gotta say a word I just flip em the bird
and keep going I don't take shit from no one
My mother did drugs - hard-liquor cigarettes and speed
The baby came out - disfigured ligaments indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby cause that baby was me
I'm a CRIMINAL - an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised?
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller but my balls got larger
I drink more liquor to fuck you up quicker
than you'd wanna fuck me up for saying the word ...
My morals went thhbbpp when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk
Off of his own employee
Now don't ignore me you won't avoid me
You can't miss me I'm white blonde-haired
and my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
in plane crashes and laughs
As long as it ain't happened to him
Slim Shady I'm as crazy as Em
-inem and Kim combined -  the maniac's in
Replacing the doctor cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather so I'm taking his place
 Oh that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you Dre you should've kept that thang put away
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it eh?
I'm a CRIMINAL
Aight look  just go up in that motherfucker
get the motherfucking money and get the fuck up outta there
 Aight
I'll be right here waiting on you
 Aight
Yo Em
 What?!
Don't kill nobody this time
 Awwright... god damn fuck...
 how you doin'?
 HI how can I help you?
 Yeah I need to make a withdrawl
 Okay
 Put the fucking money in the bag bitch
and I won't kill you!
 What?  Oh my god don't kill me
 I'm not gonna kill you bitch quit looking around...
 Don't kill me please don't kill me...
 I said I'm not gonna fucking kill you
Hurry the fuck up!  Thank you!
Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it
I'll hide for five minutes
Come back shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die bitches bastards brats pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet 
If I ever gave a fuck I'd shave my nuts
tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfucking chickens ain't brave enough
to say the stuff I say so just tape it shut 
Shit half the shit I say lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
And everyone should get along..
Okay children quiet down quiet down
Children I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day
His name is Mr. Shady
Children quiet down please
Brian don't throw that 
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute 
while Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia 
Good luck Mr. Shady
Hi there little boys and girls 
Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels
But first I'd like you to meet my friend Bob 
Say hi Bob!  Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom
and he don't got a job cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot
but his twelve-year old brother looks up to him an awful lot
And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
and wait in the parkin lot for waitresses off the clock
when it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks 
And even if they escaped and they got the cops
the ladies would all be so afraid they would drop the charge
'til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job
when she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk
But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off
But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker
Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a 
He grabbed Stace' by the legs as chopped it off her
and dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander
they never found her and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner
And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana 
and what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want any - it's bad for you 
See children drugs are bahhhd 
and if you don't believe me ask ya dahhhd 
and if you don't believe him ask ya mom 
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time 
So kids say no to drugs 
So you don't act like everyone else does 
Then there's really nothin else to say 
Drugs are just bad mmm'kay?
My penis is the size of a peanut have you seen it? 
FUCK NO you ain't seen it it's the size of a peanut 
Speakin of peanuts you know what else is bad for squirrels?
Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world
If someone ever offers it to you don't do it
Kids two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
and spinal fluid is final you won't get it back
So don't get attached it'll attack every bone in your back
Meet Zach twenty-one years old 
After hangin out with some friends at a frat party he gets bold
and decides to try five when he's bribed by five guys
and peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it
Suddenly he starts to convulse and his pulse goes into hyperdrive
and his eyes roll back in his skull {*blblblblblb*} 
His back starts tah - look like the McDonald's Arches
He's on Donald's carpet layin horizontal barfin {*BLEH*}
And everyone in the apartment starts laughin at him
"Hey Adam Zach is a jackass look at him!"
cause they took it too so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing except maybe wasting his money
Meanwhile Zach's in a coma the action is over
and his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin yoga
And that's the story of Zach the ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels class cause it's bad for you
See children drugs are bahhhd 
and if you don't believe me ask ya dahhhd 
and if you don't believe him ask ya mom 
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time 
So kids say no to drugs 
So you don't act like everyone else does 
And there's really nothin else to say 
Drugs are just bad mmm'kay?
And last but not least one of the most humungous
problems among young people today is fungus
It grows from cow manure they pick it out wipe it off 
bag it up and you put it right in your mouth and chew it
Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em..
And sometimes you see things that aren't there 
Like fat woman in G-strings with orange hair
 It's yarn Claire
Women stick 'em up their behinds go out and wear 'em 
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus
Ya tongue gets all swoll up like a cow's tongue 
cause it comes from a cow's dung 
See drugs are bad it's a common fact
But your mom and dad know that's all that I'm good at 
But don't be me cause if you grow up and you go and O.D.
They're gonna come for me and I'ma have to grow a goatee
and get a disguise and hide cause it'll be my fault
So don't do drugs and do exactly as I don't 
cause I'm bad for you
See children drugs are bahhhd 
and if you don't believe me ask ya dahhhd 
and if you don't believe him ask ya mom 
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time 
So kids say no to drugs 
So you don't act like everyone else does 
And there's really nothin else to say 
Drugs are just bad mmm'kay?
Come on children clap along 
Sing along children 
Drugs are just bad drugs are just bad 
So don't do drugs 
so there'll be more for me 
(Mushrooms killed Kenny! *fart* Ewww ahhh!)
(So fucked up lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
[Foot steps lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
America hahaha we love you how many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful
Country of ours the stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect
The women and men who have broke their neck's for the freedom of speech the United States
Government has sworn to uphold or
(Yo' I want everybody to listen to the words of this song) so we're told...
I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me who share the same views
And the same exact beliefs it's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me so many lives I
Touch so much anger aimed in no particular direction just sprays and sprays and straight
Through your radio waves it plays and plays 'till it stays stuck in your head for days and
Days who would of thought standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair with some peroxide
Reaching for a t-shirt to wear that I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this how
Could I predict my words would have an impact like this I must've struck a chord with somebody
Up in the office cause congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nuthin' but problems and now
They're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government I'm lovin' it I shoveled shit all my life
And now I'm dumping it on...
White America I could be one of your kids white America little Eric looks just like this
White America Erica loves my shit I go to TRL look how many hugs I get white America I
Could be one of your kids white America little Eric looks just like this white America Erica
Loves my shit I go to TRL look how many hugs I get...
Look at these eyes baby blue baby just like yourself if they were brown Shady lose Shady
Sits on the shelf but Shady's cute Shady knew Shady's dimple's would help make ladies swoon
Baby {ooh baby} look at my sales let's do the math if I was black I would've sold half I
Ain't have to graduate from Lincoln high school to know that but I could rap so fuck school
I'm too cool to go back gimme the mic show me where the fuckin' studio's at when I was
Underground no one gave a fuck I was white no labels wanted to sign me almost gave up I was
Like fuck it until I met Dre the only one to look past gave me a chance and I lit a fire up
Under his ass helped him get back to the top every fan black that I got was probably his in
Exchange for every white fan that he's got like damn we just swapped sittin' back lookin' at
Shit wow I'm like my skin is it starting to work to my benefit now it's...
See the problem is I speak to suburban kids who otherwise would of never knew these words
Exist whose mom's probably would of never gave two squirts of piss 'till I created so much
Motherfuckin' turbulence straight out the tube right into your living room I came and kids
Flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre that's all it took and they were instantly hooked
Right in and they connected with me too because I looked like them that's why they put my
Lyrics up under this microscope searchin' with a fine tooth comb its like this rope waitin'
To choke tightening around my throat watching me while I write this like I don't like this
Nope all I hear is lyrics lyrics constant controversy sponsors working 'round the clock to
Try to stop my concerts early surely hip-hop was never a problem in Harlem only in Boston
After it bothered the fathers of daughters starting to blossom so now I'm catchin' the flack
From these activists when they raggin' actin' like I'm the first rapper to smack a bitch or
Say faggot shit just look at me like I'm your closest pal the posterchild the motherfuckin'
Spokesman now for...
So to the parents of America I am the derringer aimed at little Erica to attack her
Character the ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns sent to lead the march right up to
The steps of congress and piss on the lawns of the White House to burn the casket and replace
It with a parental advisory sticker to spit liquor in the faces of in this democracy of
Hypocrisy fuck you Ms. Cheney fuck you Tipper Gore fuck you with the freest of speech this
Divided states of embarrassment will allow me to have fuck you 
He hahaha I'm just playin' America lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Marshall sounds like an SOS...
Holy wack unlyrical lyrics Andre you're fuckin' right...
To the rapmobile let's go...
{Marshall Marshall} bitches and gentlemen it's showtime hurry hurry step right up
introducing the star of our show his name is {Marshall} you wouldn't want to be anywhere else
in the world right now so without further ado I bring to you {Marshall}...
You 'bout to witness hip-hop in it's most purest more rawest form flow almost flawless most
hardest most honest known artist chip off the old block but ol' Doc is {back} looks like
Batman brought his own Robin oh God Sadam's got his own Laden with his own private plane his
own pilot set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges oranges peach pears plums
syringes {vnn vnn} yeah here I come i'm inches away from you dear fear none hip-hop is in
a state of 911 so...
Let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around what is this must be a circus in town
let's shut the shit down on these clowns can I get a witness {hell yeah}
Let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around what is this must be a circus in town
let's shut the shit down on these clowns can I get a witness {hell yeah}...
Quick gotta move fast gotta perform miracles gee willikers Dre holy bat syllables look at
all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham when I'm gone time to get rid of these rap criminals
so skip to your lou while I do what I do best you ain't even impressed no more you're used to
it flows too wet nobody close to it nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit the
most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all
so much they make it all up there's no such thing like a female with good looks who cooks
and cleans it just means so much more to so much more people when you're rappin' and you know
what for the show must go on so I'd like to welcome y'all to Marshall and Andre's carnival
c'mon now...
It's just like old times the dynamic duo two old friends why panic you already know who's
fully capable the two capped heroes dial straight down the center eight-zero-zero you can
even call collect the most feared duet since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette and
never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat people steppin' over people just to rush to
the set just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely ease over these beat's and be so
breezy Jesus how can shit be so easy how can one Chandra be so Levy turn on these beats
MC's don't see me believe me BET and MTV are gonna grieve when we leave dog fo' sheezy
can't leave rap alone the game needs me 'till we grow beards get weird and disappear into
the mountains nothin' but clowns down here but we ain't fuckin around round here yo' Dre
what up can I get a hell hell yeah now...
So there you have it folks {Marshall} has come to save the day back with his friend Andre
and to remind you that bullshit does not pay because {Marshall} and Andre are here to stay
and never go away until our dying day until we're old and grey {Marshall} so until next time
friends same blonde hair same rap channel good night everyone thank you for coming your
host for the evening {Marshall} oh lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones - there you go
Yeah... yo yo
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion emotions run deep as ocean's exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now; I bet ya probably sick of me now ain't you mama?
I'mma make you look so ridiculous now
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet 
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they thrown me inside my coffin and close it
I'mma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum selling CD
I was a baby maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim I grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'da killed him; shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life I'd like to welcome y'all to 
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet 
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position; just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing
Going through public housing systems victim of Munchhausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up now I blew up it makes you sick to ya stomach
Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma?
But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now; you should see her she's beautiful
But you'll never see her - she won't even be at your funeral!
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song - keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what I am dead - dead to you as can be!
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet 
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet 
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
People!! It feels so good to be back.
Ladies and gentleman introducing the new and improved you know who
Never been the type to bend or budge
The wrong button to push
No friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece you're the Maltese.
I am a pitbull off his leash
All this peace talk can cease.
All these people I had to leave in limbo
I'm back now
I've come to release this info
I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple.
Can-a-bitch don't want no beef with Slim?
Noooo!
Not even on my radar
So won't you please jump off my dick
Lay off and stay off
And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos from seance to seance
Aw-a-aw-ch-a-aw
You all c'mon now
Let's all get on down
Let's do-si-do now
We're gonna have a good ol' time.
Don't be scared 'cause there ain't nothing to worry about
Let your hair down
And square dance with me!
Let your hair down to the track
Yeah kick on back.
Boo!
The boogies monster of rap
Yeah the man's back
With a plan to ambush this Bush administration
Mush the Senate's face in and push this generation
Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say something you might not like
This white hot light
That I'm under
No wonder
I look so sunburnt
Oh no
I won't leave no stone unturned
Oh no I won't leave
Won't go nowhere
Do-si-do
Oh yo ho hello there
Oh yeah don't think I won't go there
Go to the Beirut and do a show there
Yeah you laugh till your motherfuckin' ass gets drafted
While you're at band camp thinkin' the crap can't happen
Till you fuck around
Get an anthrax napkin
Inside a package wrapped in saran Wrap wrapping
Open the plastic and then you stand back gasping
Fuckin' assassins hijackin' Amtracks crashing
All this terror America demands action
Next thing you know you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin'
To join the army or what you'll do for there Navy.
You just a baby
Gettin' recruited at eighteen
You're on a plane now
Eating their food and their baked beans.
I'm 28
They gonna take you 'fore they take me
Crazy insane or insane crazy?
When I say Hussein you say Shady
My views ain't changed still Inhumane
Wait
Arraigned two days late
The date's today
Hang me!
Nothin' moves me more than a groove the soothes me
Nothin' soothes me more than a groove
that boosts me
Nothin' boosts me more
Or suits me beautifully
There's nothin' you can do to me
Stab me
Shoot me
Psychotic
Hypnotic product I got the antibiotic.
Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada
God I talk a lot of hem-de-lay-la-la-la
oochie walla um da dah da dah da but you gotta gotta
Keep movin'
There's more music to make
Keep makin' new shit
Produce hits to break
the monotony
What's gotten into me?
Drug's rock and Hennessey
Thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies
On your knees
Got you under seige
Somebody you would give a lung to be hungry
Like a fuckin' younger me
Fuck the fee
I can get you jumped for free
Yah buddy
Laugh it's funny
I have the money to have you killed by somebody who has nothing
I'm past bluffing
Pass the K-Y
Let's get ready for some intense
serious ass fucking!
Dr. Dre. wants to square with me
Nasty Nas wants to square dance with me
X to the Z wants to square dance with me
Busta Rhymes wants to square dance with me
Cana-bitch won't square dance with me
Fan-a-bitch won't square dance with me
Canada-bis don't want no parts of me lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
 I'm gonna kill this bitch. I'm gonna kill her. I'm going to fuckin' jail cause i'm gonna kill this bitch.
 Yo' man I don't know.
 What?
 I got a really really bad feelin' about this.
 Man will you shut the fuck up Gary. You've always got a bad feeling man. That's her car right there. Just park.
 Allright just let me park. I'm parking!
 Fuckin' turn the car off dog.
 Alright.
 Alright we wait.
 We wait for what?
 We wait until she comes out. Man i'm gonna fuckin' kill her.
 Man you ain't gonna kill nobody.
 Man just shut the fuck up dog.
 What the fuck did you bring that for?
 Just shut up fuckin' clip is empty.
 Don't point that shit at me!
 It's not even loaded bitch look!
 Dude! God I fuckin' hate when you do that shit.
 Ha ha ya but it's funny as fuck.
 You're gonna fuck around and kill me one of these days I swear.
 It get's you every time. Is that her?
 Where?
 Right there motherfucker.
 Yeah fuck.
 Alright get up get up.
 Here we go again.
 Get down!
 What the fuck do you want me to do get under the car?
 Yo' who's she walkin' with?
 How the fuck am I supposed to know? You told me to duck down.
 It's the fucking bouncer. Did she just kiss him?
 I don't think so.
 Dog she just fuckin' kissed him.
 No she didn't!
 She's kissing him dog!
 No she's not...oh shit.
 C'mon lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I'm a soldier i'm a soldier i'm a soldier i'm a soldier...
Yo' never was a thug just infatuated with guns 
never was a gangsta 'til I graduated to one
and got the rep of a villain for weapon concealin' 
took the image of a thug kept shit appealin' 
willin' to stick out my neck for respect if it meant life or death 
never live to regret what I said 
when you're me people just want to see 
if it's true if it's you what you say in your rap's what you do 
so they feel as part of your obligation to fulfill 
when they see you on the streets face to face are you for real 
in confrontation ain't no conversation if you feel you're in violation 
any hesitation'll get you killed if you feel it kill it 
if you conceal it reveal it being reasonable will leave you full of bullets 
pull it squeeze it till it's empty tempt me push me pussies 
I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze...
I'm a soldier these shoulder's hold up so much they won't budge 
i'll never fall or fold up
i'm a soldier 
even if my collar bone's crush or crumble 
I will never slip or stumble 
i'm a soldier 
these shoulder's hold up so much they won't budge 
i'll never fall or fold up 
i'm a soldier 
even if my collar bone's crush or crumble 
I will never stumble...
I love pissin' you off it get's me off 
like my lawyer's when the fuckin' judge let's me off
all you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off 
i'll violate and all the motherfuckin' bet's be off 
i'm a lit fuse anything I do bitche it's news 
pistol whippin' motherfuckin' bouncers six-two 
who needs bullets soon as I pull it you sweat bullets 
an excellent method to get rid of the next bully 
it's actually better cause instead you murderin' 
you can hurt em' and come back again and kick dirt at 'em 
it's like pourin' salt in the wounds assault and get sued 
you can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room 
everybody halts and stops calls the cops
all you see is bitches comin' out their halter tops 
runnin' and duckin' out the Hard Rocks parking lot 
you'll all get shot whether its your fault or not cause...
I spit it slow so these kids know that i'm talkin' to 'em 
give it back to these damn critics and sock it to em 
i'm like a thug with a little bit of Pac influence 
I spew it and look how I got you bitches rockin' to it 
you motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it 
don't even try it you'll look stupid do not pursue it 
don't ever in your life try to knock the truest 
I spit the illest shit ever been dropped to two inch 
so ticky-tock listen as the sound ticks on the clock 
listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock 
listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen 
motherfuckers know that i'll never be Marshall again 
full of controversy until I retire my jersey 
'til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty and
Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me 
and put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity i'm a...
Yo' left yo' left yo' left 
right left 
yo' left yo' left yo' left 
right left 
yo' left yo' left yo' left 
right left 
yo' left yo' left yo' left 
right lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Sayin' goodbye sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Hollywood} sayin' goodbye sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Why do I feel this way} sayin' goodbye sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
I thought I had it all figured out I did
I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim
But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once
I found myself layin' on my knees in cuffs
Which should've been a reason enough for me to get my stuff and just leave
How come I couldn't see this shit myself it's just me
Nobody couldn't see the shit I felt
Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell to catch me
The minute shit was heated she just bailed
i'm standin' here swingin' on like thirty people by myself
I couldn't even see the millimetere when it fell
Turned around saw Gary stashin' the heater in his belt
Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground
I just sold two million records I don't need to go to jail
I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female
I need to slow down
Try to get my feet on solid ground so for now i'm...
Bury my face in comic books cause I don't want to look
At nothin' this world's too much
I've swallowed all I could
If I could swallow a bottle of tylenol I would and end it for good
Just say goodbye to Hollywood
I probably should these problems are piling all at once
Cause everything that bothers me I got it bottled up
I think i'm bottomin' out
But i'm not about to give up I gotta get up
Thank God I got a little girl
And I'm a responsible father
So not a lot of good i'd be to my daughter layin' in the bottom of the mud
Must be in my blood cause I don't know how I do it
All I know is I don't want to follow in the footsteps of my dad
Cause I hate him so bad
The worst fear that I had was growin' up to be like his fuckin' ass man
If you could understand why I am the way that I am
What do I say to my fans when I tell 'em i'm...
I don't wanna quit but shit I feel like this is it
For me to have this much appeal like this is sick
This is not a game this fame in real life this is sick
Publicity stunt my ass conceal my fuckin' dick
Fuck the guns i'm done i'll never look at gats
If I scrap i'll scrap like I ain't never whooped some ass
I love my fans
But no one ever puts a grasp on the fact i've sacrificed everything I have
I never dreamt i'd get to the level that i'm at this is whack
This is more than I ever could of asked
everywhere I go a hat a sweater hood or mask
What about math how come I wasn't ever good at that
It's like the boy in the bubble who never could adapt i'm trapped
If I could go back I never woulda rapped
I sold my soul to the devil i'll never get it back
I just wanna leave this game with level head intact
Imagine goin' from bein' a no one to seein'
everything blow up and all you did was just grow
up emceeing
It's fuckin' crazy
Cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had
But instead I forced us to live alienated so i'm sayin'...
Goodbye goodbye Hollywood {Goodbye}
please don't cry for me when i'm gone for good
{this shit is not for me}
so goodbye goodbye Hollywood
{i'm not a fuckin' star}
please don't cry for me when I'm gone for good lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Obie yo' i'm sick damn you straight dog...
That's why I ain't got no time for these games and stupid tricks or these bitches on my dick
that's how dudes be getting sick that's how dicks be getting drips falling victims to this
shit from these bitches on our dicks fucking chickens with no ribs that's why I ain't got no
time...
Yo' I woke up fucked up off the liquor I drunk I had a bag of the skunk won in last nights
tunk pussy residue was on my penis Denise from the cleaners fucked me good you should of
seen this big booty bitch switch unbearable french roll stylin' body like a stallion sizin'
up the figure while my shit getting bigger debatin' on a fuck or do I want to be her nigga
caressin' this bitch plus i'm checking out them tit's sippin' on that fine shit I ain't used
to buyin' I gotta hit it from behind it's mandatory like takin' hoe's money but that's
another story for surely the pussy on toast after we toast her clothes fell like bishop in
juice the womb beater clean pussy eater insertin' my jock in that spot hotter than the
hottest block don't stop the response I got when I was knockin' it clock steady tickin'
kinky finger lickin' and can on semen's at my tip when she moans I gotta slow down before I
cum soon and work that nigga like a slave owner when I dropped off my outfit she knew I
wanted to bone her she foamin' at the lips the one between them hips pubic hairs lookin' like
some sour cream dip without the nacho my dick hit the spot though pussy tighter than
conditions of us black folks we in the final stretch the last part of sex I bust a fat ass
nut then I woke up next like what the fuck is goin' on here this bitch evaporated pussy and
all just picked up and vacated now i'm frusturated cause my dick was unprotected and Doctor
Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit...
Now I don't wanna hit no woman but this chick's got it comin' someone better get this bitch
before she get's kicked in the stomach and she's pregnant but she's eggin' me on beggin' me
to throw her off the steps of this porch my only weapon is force and I don't wanna resort to
any violence of any sort but what's she shovin' me for doesn't she love me no more wasn't she
huggin' me four minutes ago at the door man i'm this close to goin' toe-to-toe with this
whore what would you do if she was tellin' you she wants a divorce she's havin' another baby
in a month and it's yours and you find out it isn't cause this bitch has been visitin' someone
else and suckin' his dick and kissin' you on the lips when you get back to Michigan now the
plot is thickenin' worse cause you feel like you've been stickin' your fuckin' dick in a
hearse so you paranoid at every little cold that you get ever since they told you this shit
you've been holdin' your dick so you go to the clinic sweatin' every minute you in it then
the doctor comes out lookin' like Dennis the Menace and it's obvious to everyone in the lobby
it's AIDS he ain't even gotta call you in his office to say it so you jet back home cause you
gon' get that hoe when you see her you gon' bend her fuckin' neck back yo' cause you love
her you never would expect that blow Obie told you the scoop how could she stoop that low
Jesus I don't believe this bitch works at the cleaners bringin' me home diseases swingin'
from Obie's penis she's so deceivin' shit this hoe's a genius she g'd us...
I'm busy yeah fuck these bitches fuck 'em all get money Shady records Obie Trice Eminem
motherfucker new millenium shit yeah turn this shit off lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
two trailer park girls go 'round the outside 'round the outside 'round the outside
Guess who's back back again
Shady's back tell a friend
Guess who's back
guess who's back
guess who's back
guess who's back
guess who's back
Guess who's back...
I've created a monster 'cause nobody wants to
see Marshall no more they want Shady I'm chopped liver
well if you want Shady this is what I'll give ya
a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker than a
shock when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not cooperating
when I'm rocking the table while he's operating 
you waited this long now stop debating 'cause I'm back
I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me so let me see
they tried to shut me down on MTV but it feels so empty without me
So come on dip bum on your lips fuck that
cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
FUCK YOU DEBBIE!
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis
they start feeling like prisoners helpless
'til someone comes along on a mission and yells 
A visionary vision is scary could start a revolution polluting the air waves a rebel
so just let me revel and bask in the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
and it's a disaster such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass you ask for me?
Well I'm back 
fix your bent antennae tune it in and then I'm gonna
enter in and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting
Testing 
feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance who sent you sent for me?
A tisk-it a task-it I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit that shit.
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards and Moby
you can get stomped by Obie you 36 year old bald headed fag blow me
You don't know me you're too old let go it's over nobody listens to techno
Now let's go just give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope suspenseful with a pencil ever since
Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting but it's just me I'm just obscene
Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Em it's Paul.
Listen Joel just called me and he said you're in the fucking back behind his studio
shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range.
I told you not to fucking bring your gun around like an idiot lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing it's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone cold and he don't care
He's a problem child
What bothers him all comes out when he talks about
His fuckin' dad walkin' out
'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him so he socked him back and broke his nose
His house is a broken home there's no control he just let's his emotions go...
 sing with me  sing for the years
 sing for the laughter sing for the tears 
Sing it with me just for today maybe tomorrow the good Lord'll take you away...
Entertainment is changin' intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy only have one homie
Only this gun lonely 'cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate I guess words are a motherfucker they can be great
Or they can degrade or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you attorneys all want a turn at you
To get their hands on every dime you have they want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously so I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political if my music is literal and I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't I wouldn't be fit to you're full of shit too Guerrera that was a fist that hit you...
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you  and cock it too
Well if it can then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self we just explain it and then we get our cheques in the mail
It's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing
Except for a dream and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it squeeze it and hold it
'Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Oh
You high baby?
Yeah
Ya
Talk to me
You want me to tell you something?
Uh-huh
I know what you want to hear...
'Cause I know you want me baby I think I want you too
"I think I love you baby" I think I love you too
I'm here to save you girl come be in Shady's world
I want to grow together let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby you know I want you too
They call me Superman I'm here to rescue you
I want to save you girl come be in Shady's world
"Ooh boy you drive me crazy" bitch you make me hurl...
They call me Superman leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down in a relationship
Save it bitch babysit you make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit girl you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip cut to the chase
I tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face
Play no games say no names ever since I broke up with what's her face
I'm a different man kiss my ass kiss my lips bitch why ask?
Kiss my dick get my cash I'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out I'll put you out won't get out I'll push you out
Puss blew out poppin' shit wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice? Buy you ice bitch if you died I wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be? My new wife? What you Mariah fly through twice...
But I do know one thing though bitches they come they go
Saturday through Sunday Monday Monday through Sunday yo
Maybe I'll love you one day maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho...
'Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman your Superman...
Don't get me wrong I love these ho's
It's no secret everybody knows
Yeah we fucked bitch so what?
That's about as far as your body goes
We'll be friends I'll call you again I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kind of car I'll be in we'll see how much you'll be partying then
You don't want that neither do I
I don't want to flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride between you and I
Not a jealous man but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do how could it ever be just us two
I'd never love you enough to trust you we just met and I just fucked you...
First thing you say "I'm not fazed I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyways
You're just plain old Marshall to me"
Ooh ya' girl run that game
"Hailie Jade I love that name love that tattoo what's that say?"
"Rot in pieces uh that's great"
First off you don't know Marshall at all so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal I'll slap you off that bar stool
There goes another lawsuit leave hand prints all across you
Good Lordy whoadie you must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab end up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a Tampax and slap you 'til you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yo I can't sing but
I feel like singin'
I wanna fuckin' sing
'Cause I'm happy
Yeah I'm happy
Ha Ha
I got my baby back
Yo check it out
Some days I sit starin' out the window
Watchin' this world pass me by
Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for
I almost break down and cry
Sometimes I think I'm crazy
I'm crazy oh so crazy
Why am I here am I just wasting my time?
But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me
My baby girl  keeps gettin' older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes 'cause they don't understand me
They just don't see my real side
I act like shit don't phase me
Inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive
But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes oh no.
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me
Man if I could sing I'd keep singing this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes I'd blow something as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her how proud I am that I got her
God I'm a daddy I'm so glad that her mom didn't 
Now you probably get this picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packing drug-addict who bags on his mama
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
'Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' my soul
And just know that I grow colder the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world
And I think my neck is breaking.
Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations?
Now look I love my daughter more than life in itself
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell
But I handle it well given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances man it's too bad could've had someone else
But the years that I've wasted are nothing to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facin':
3 felonies 6 years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman
I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to people's backs bent over backwards for this woman
Man I should've seen it comin' what'd I stick my penis up in?
Would've ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin'
But fuck it it's over there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby baby the only lady that I adore Hailie
So sayonara try tomorrow nice to know ya
My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get
The weight has been lifted
And now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier
Nothin' can take her from me
Woo!
I told you I can't sing
Oh well I tried
Hailie 'member when I said
If you ever need anything lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
 This muthafucka man...
 It's ridiculous! I can't believe it!! Hold on... Em...
 What up?
 Have a seatÖDre I'll call you back
 What now???
 I don't even know where to start
 Okay...
 I got the album from upstairs...
 And...
 And this is BY FAR THE MOST...
[Berman lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Music reality sometimes it's hard to tell the difference
But we as entertainers have a responsibility to these kids
Sike!
If I were to die murdered in cold blood tomorrow
Would you feel sorrow or show love
Or would it matter
Can never be the lead-off batter of things
Shit for me to feed off
I'm see-saw battling
But theres way too much at stake for me to be fake
There's too much on my plate
And I came way too far in this game to turn and walk away
And not say what I got to say
What the fuck you take me for? a joke? you smoking crack?
Before I do that I beg Mariah to take me back
I get up 'for I get down run myself in the ground 'for I put some wack shit out
I'm trying-a smack this one out the park five-thousand mark
You all steady trying to drown the shark
Ain't gonna do nothing but piss me off
Lid to the can of whoop ass just twist me off
See me leap out pull the piece out fuck shooting I'm just trying to knock his teeth out
Fuck with me now bitch let's see you freestyle
Talk is cheap motherfucker if you're really feeling froggish leap
You're slim you're gonna let him get away with that?
He tried to play you you can't let him 'scape with that
Man I hate this crap this ain't rap
This is crazy the way we act
When we confuse hip-hop with real life when the music stops
There ain't no getting rid of McVeigh
If so you would've tried
The only way I'm leaving this bitch is suicide
I have died clinically arrived back at my enemy's crib with Hennessey
Got drunk then I finished he
I'm every niggas favorite arch-enemy.
Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef
I spark willingly with a dillinger in the dark diligently
I'm not what you think
I appear to be fucked up
Mentally endangered
I can't stay away from a razor
I just want my face in a paper
I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight to awake neighbors for acres
I murder you
Danger had me turned into a mad man son of Sam bitch I'm surgical
I'll allergic to dying you think not? you got balls? We can see how large
When the music stops
I was happy having a deal at first
Thought money would make me happy but
It only made my pain worst
It hurts when you see your friends turn their back on you dawg
When you ain't got nothing left but your word and your balls
And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends
Beggin' with they hands out
Checking for your record when its selling
When it ain't that's the end no laughs
No friends no girl
Just the gin you drink till you car spin you then
Damn!
U slam into the wall and you fall
Out the car trying to crawl with one arm
About to lose it all in a pool of alcohol
If my funeral's tomorrow wonder if they would even call when the music stops
Let's see how many of your men loyal
When I pull up looking for you
With a pistol sipping on a can of pennzoil
I'm revved up who said what would lead bust your head would just explode
With red stuff I'm hand cuffed tossed in the paddy wagon
Braggin about how you shot it like a coward bullets devour you showered you
Niggas if I was you niggas I'll run while given the chance
Understand I can enchance the spirit of man
Death itself it can't hurt me just the thought of dying alone that really
Irks me you ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk
Be smart and stop trying to walk how g's walk before we spark
Hug the floor while we plan tug-o-war with your life fuck the tour and the mic
I'll rather fuck a whore with a knife deliver that shit the coroner's like
You high hype poppin' shit in broad day light nigga your a gonna at night
When The Music Stops
Instigators turn pits in cages
Let loose and bit the neighbours wrist to razors
You all don't want war you want talk
In the dark my dogs all bark like woof
Proof nigga I'm a wolf get your whole roof
Caved in like reindeer hoofs
Stomped the roof shake the floor tiles loose
The more you all breach the more I moves
This hill street this is hardcore blues
Put a gun to rap checking all our jewels 
Or make the news betcha all you all move
When the Uzi pop you better drop when the music stop
Music's changed my life in so many ways
Brains confused and fucked since the 5th grade
LL told me to rock the bells
NWA said fuck the police
Now I'm in jail
93 was strictly R&B
Fucked up hair cut
Listen to Jodeci
Michael Jackson who gonna tell me I ain't Mike
Ass cheeks painted white
Fucking Presilla at night
Flying down sunset smoking crack
Transvestite in the front
Eddi Murphy in the back
MOP had me grindy and griddy
Marilyn Manson I dyed my hair blue
And grew some titties
Ludacris told me to throw them bowls
Now I'm in the hospital
Broken nose and a fractured elbow
Voices in my head I'm going in shock lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Huh so I'm out the game huh?
Yo Dre we riding?
Whatever
Well I'm with you homie
OK let's handle this small shit
I was born to brew up storms 'n stir up shit
Kick up dust cuss 'til I slur up spit
Grew up too quick went through too much knew too much shit
Corrupt and I'm pour it on like syrup bitch
Thick in gritz sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworth
Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth
Till the cow just tilts and tips 'n stumbles to earth
And if I fumble the verse keep going
First take I make mistakes just keep it
No punches pull no punches that's weak shit
Fake shit if I ever take shit I eat shit
Wasn't for him? I wouldn't be shit
Creep with me as we take a little trip down Memory Lane
Been here longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't got to lie about my age
But what about Jermaine?
Fuck Jermaine he don't belong speaking mine or Timbaland's name
And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what your saying
I'm a giant and I ain't gotta move till I'm provoked
When I see you I'ma step on you and not even know it
Ya midget Mini-Me with a bunch of little Mini-You's
Running around your backyard swimming pools
Over 80 million records sold
And I ain't have to do it with 10 or 11 year olds
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?
Second verse it gets worse
It gets no better than this
Amateurs drink veteran piss
From a Dixie cup if you ever mix me up
Or confuse me with a Cannabis or Dre with a Dupri
Will rub it in every club your in we'll have you
Blackballed and make sure you never rap a fucking again
Dre ain't having it as long as I'm here to play Devil's Advocate
If there was some magic shit I could wave
Over the industry that could save it when I'm gone
And bury to make sure the tradition carries on
I would
If I could only use this power for good
I wouldn't not even if I could
From the hood and I'm a hornet
And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered
And I'ma only sucker punch or swing without warning
And swing to knock somebody's fucking head off
Cause I know when they get up I won't get a chance to let off
Another punch I'm punk-rock no one's punk
Don't give a fuck white Pac so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up
And sell a mil or grow up to be Attila
Go nuts and be a killer
And I'm something of a phenom
One puff of the chron
I'm unstoppable I'm alive I'm on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer
So come along with us 
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?
Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and alize partying all day
But I handle my business cause it's work before play
Don't look for trouble but I serve you gourmet
However you want it you could have it your way
You fuck my night up I'ma fuck up your day
Bullet with your name sending it your way
That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway
Cause this is my space you invade it
Live to regret it and you die trying to violate it
Fuck around and you'll get annihilated
Eyes dilated
Ha like my old lady
Cause what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is 2 different things
Depending on your mood if it swings think too many things
Little hit of Dre's weed I can do anything
Catch a contact then I'm gone and I'm back
I speed write and my loose leaves my launch pad
And I can pull any string
Don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head
You headed West talk shit about Dre?
You better get a vest then invest in something
To protect your head and neck
And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth
But a lot of truth is said in jest
And if I ever do live to be a legend
I'ma die a sudden death 5 mics in The Source
Ain't holdin' my fucking breath
But I suffocate for the respect
Fore I breathe to collect the fucking check
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?
Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with huh huh huh huh?
Watch your fuckin' mouth
Yo this Timbaland lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
'Cause sometimes you just feel tired
Feel weak and when you feel weak you feel like you wanna just give up.
But you gotta search within you you gotta find that inner strength
And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up
And not be a quitter no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.
Yo left yo left yo left right left
Yo left yo left yo left right left
Yo left yo left yo left right left
Yo left yo left yo left right left
Till I collapse Iím spilling these raps long as you feel 'em
Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing them
'Cause when I am not then I'ma stop pinning 'em
And I am not hip-hop and Iím just not Eminem.
Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them women are caught in webs spin and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop.
Amoxacillin is just not real enough.
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling a minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
You're coming with me feel it or not youíre gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god lives in us.
You hear it a lot lyrics that shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For shizzel my wizzel this is the plot listen up you bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck.
Till the roof comes off till the lights go out
Till my legs give out canít shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse.
Till the roof comes off till the lights go out
Till my legs give out canít shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out. Am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bones collapse.
Music is like magic thereís a certain feeling you get when you're real
And you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
'cause you may never get it again.
So while youíre in it try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end.
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list here's the order of my list that it's in.
It goes Reggie Jay-Z Tupac and Biggie Andre from OutKast Jada Kurupt Nas and then me.
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy so when Iím not put on this list the shit does not offend me.
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucking problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect youíve got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate hit me.
Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MCís heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me? Smart.
And it's absurd how people hang on every word.
Iíll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But Iíll never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
'Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
Thatís why Iím clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic I act like Iím an addict
I rap like Iím addicted to smack like Iím Kim Mathers.
But I donít want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers.
So this is like a full blown attack Iím launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
'Cause I donít really think that the fact that Iím Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest. So...
Until the roof
The roof comes off
Until my legs
Give out from underneath me
I will not fall
I will stand tall lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hello boys and girls
Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships
Do you have a daddy?
I'll bet you do
who's your daddy?
Daddy what're you doing?
Haha
Ok then! everybody listen up!
I'm goin to hell who's comin' with me?
Somebody please help him!
i think my dad gone crazy!
There's no mountain i can't climb
There's no tower too high
No plane that i can't learn how to fly
What do i gotta do to get through to you to show you
There ain't nothing i can't take this chainsaw to
Fuckin' brain's brawn and brass balls
I cut 'em off i got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall with my framed autographed
Sunglasses with elton john's name on my drag wall
I'm out the closet i been lying my ass off
All this time me and dre been fucking with hats off
Suck it marshall
So tell Laura and her husband to back off
Before i push this motherfucking button and blast off
And launch one of these russians and that's all
Blow every fucking thing except afghanistan on the map off
When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off?
Hailie tell 'em baby
My dad's lost it
There's really nothin' else to say I I can't explain it
I think my dad gone crazy!
A little help from Hailie Jade won't you tell em' baby
I think my dad gone crazy!
Theres nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
I think my dad gone crazy!
There's no one on earth that can save me not even Hailie
I think my dad gone crazy!
It's like my mother always told me
Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana
and codeine and goddamit you little motherfucker
If you aint got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'
uh..
Fuck that shit bitch eat a motherfuckin' dick
Chew on a prick and lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch eat pussy
And have pussy-lips glued to my face with a clit-ring in my nose
Then quit bringin my flows quit giving me my ammo
Can't you see why i'm so mean? if y'all leave me alone this wouldn't be my
m.o.
I wouldn't have to go eenie meenie minie mo
Catch a homo by his toe man i don't know no more
Am i the only fuckin one who's normal any more?
Dad
My songs can make you cry take you by surprise
And at the same time make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme
See what you're seeing is a genius at work
Which to me isn't work so it's easy to misinterpret it at first
Cuz when i speak it's tongue in cheek
I'd yank my fuckin teeth before id ever bite my tongue
I'd slice my gums get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as vanilla ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit every time i sung
Like R Kelly as soon as  comes on
More pain inside of my brain than the eyes of a little girl inside of a
plane
Aimed at the World Trade standin' on Ronnie's grave
Screaming at the sky till clouds gather as Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade
And thats pretty much the gist of itParents are pissed but the kids love
it
Nine millimeter heater stashed in two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Is this thing on?
Where'd everybody go?
Guess who's back?
Back againÖ.
Ken is back tell someÖmen
Rub my back Rub my back Rub my back"Monkey See Monkey Do" lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
"Monkey See Monkey Do"
ay yo 50
what i tell you
we aint even have to say shit
they did it
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check-mate motherfucker
games over
we won
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
it doesnt take much
for me to raise such a stink up
when motherfuckers hate your guts
you aint even gotta say much
for me to put a pen to a blank sheet of papers
like smearing blood stains with a paint brush
i cant explain what it is my brain does
but however it works its insane
its plain nutz
and it aint just my brain thas dangerous
its a whole combination of things
it takes nutz
and im not affriad to raise the stakes up
i got a million bucks in the banks and 8 trucks
for anybody who gets on the track and spanks us
im patiently waiting for the day
im anxious
to see the look on ya fake mugs
when you thugs go bankrupt
ya drunk
ya aint tough
whatever you drank musta just turned ya into some gangstas
this is me talking motherfucker
this aint drugs
you wanna pop shit wake-up then make-up
FUCK THAT
its too late chump now face up
i pray for the day that someone who spits with the calliber that nas and jay does
opens up his jaw to say something or rattle my name off
or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off
so i can blow the fuckin dust off of this chainsaw
and give him the surgery that he came for
till i pull the paint off
i never been shot
but i think me and 50 musta been cut from the same cloth
cause ive always came off
like ja's chain
when they try to rush him and lost
and came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it
i dont stop
the only thing i wait for
is day that i dont gotta report to probate court
cause ima give ya all the reason to hate more
cause ive been holding my tounge till i got a sprained jaw
alot of rappers on my list that just aint ja
and ima read that motherfucker off from april
you pussies think i went soft since 8 mile
when i come back ill be shootin more than just paint balls
trust me
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check-mate motherfucker
games over
we won
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
fuckin dummies
this aint chess
ya playin motherfuckin checkers
this shit is all day man its too easy
we playin chess you playin checkers
you bout to get ya motherfuckin asses jumped
fucking punks
and by the way
we aint just talking to one person
we talking to every-motherfucking-body who wants to bring it cause we bringin it to anybody who wants to bring it
so bring it
dot pick up the ball if you dot wanna pay man
its all fucked up now
the fuck im spose to do now?
huh?
the fuck im spose to do?
haha
yo lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
There's an intruder
in my house
He cut my phone-lines
can't dial out
I scream for police
but I doubt
They're gonna hear me
when I shout
A couple of cocktails will send me to jail
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail
But this time when I get pulled over
there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me
quit fooling with me
Bitch you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
and which you're gonna see in the long run
Im'a be the wrong one
you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass
flashing that flash-light on my ass where was you at
last night when them assholes
ran up on my grass
rapper slash actor
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass
they took away my right to bear arms
what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms?
yeah right
they coming with bombs I'm coming with flare-guns
We as Americans
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans
Im'a make buku bucks
wearing buku vests
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest
but you know who
with an  tattooed to my chest
But I've finessed
Now I got the Industry pissy
ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny
We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty
Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents
I'd rather see the president dead
It's never been said
but I set precedents and the standards
and they can't stand it
My name should've been bastard
the shit should've been plastered
on my forehead with a stamp
I should've been blasted
I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass
but I'm too swift and fast
for that lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
You still love me?
Take this. 
You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! 
The more you put me through
The more it makes me wanna come back to you
You say you hate me I just love you more
You don't want me I just want you more
I buy you flowers you throw 'em at me
I know it's sad but it's making me happy
The more that you slap me the more that it turns me on
Cause you love me and I love you more.
It's sick but who could ever predict
We'd be doin' the same shit
We say we do it for our baby but we don't
We do it for us it's lust
Cause neither one of us trusts each other
So we fuck 'til we bust
Then we cuss each other out
We know what it's about
Shout 'til I throw you out the house
You throw me out the house
I throw you on the couch
Punch you in the mouth
Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT
And apologize after
Laughter pain it's insane
We're back in the same chapter again
And it's sad but it's true
When I'm layin' here with you
There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do.
Cause I hate you do you hate me?
Good cause you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry
It makes me wanna just take you
And just throw you on the bed
And fuck you like I don't even know you
You fuck other people and I fuck other people
You a slut but I'm equal I'm a mutt
We're both evil in our ways
But neither one of us would ever admit it
Cause one of us would have one up on the other
So forget it
We can make accusations people spread rumors
But they ain't got proof
'Til they do it's just the two of us
It's you and me cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me
But you gotta believe me to a degree
Cause true indeed if you didn't I wouldn't be hittin' it
Yeah I would cause the sex is too damn good
If I ran who would I run to
That would be this soft and warm
So it's off and on usually more off than on
But at least we know that we share this common bond
You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on
I hope the only reason that I cope
Is cause of that fact
And plus I can bust in that
And that's why...
I could never understand it
That's why I don't try
From junior high until we both die
It's silly ho why must we try
Is it really so rough
That we must always call each other's billy goat's gruff
Try to pull each other's legs
Until the other begs
We're liein' to ourselves
That's the beauty of it yeah
Cause we truly love each other
That's why we always fight
And all we do is shove each other
Every other fuckin' night
And it's clear it ain't gonna change
It's pent up rage
We both have
We both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else
We've both been
Someone else's someone else
Problem is neither one wants help
It's an addiction and it can't be fixed
Our family's mixed up
There's a baby sister in the mix
And it hurts cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit
And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit
And they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time
On every song every lyric and every rhyme
All the hoopla all of the whoopdy whoop
What you put me through fuckin' whoopdy doo
But I won't be made a fool of
If this is true love
You wouldn't do what
You did last time
You wouldn't screw up
This time
Cause this time girl
I'm telling you what
You do it again I'm fucking you up
No matter what...
What you say what you do
I'ma hunt you down 'til I find you
No matter where you run I'll be right there
Right behind you in your nightmares
All the flowers and the candy
All the times that you threw it back at me
You told me you hate me you're gonna hate me more
When you find out lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Uncle Marshall!
Will you tell us a bedtime story?
Here we go...
Now once upon a time not long ago
There was a little rapper about to blow
But his album came and it was not good
I think it went lead or double copper wood
So the silly little fans they were mislead
By a nerdy internet computer hip-hop head
"Me and you 'Clef we're gonna make some cash
Grab the silver paint and let's paint my ass"
Hey mister would ya care to bare witness to
The ass-whippin' I'm about to administer
To this ass-kissin' little vaginal blister
Stanabis little Marshall Mathers' sister
And in this corner we have the mister
Not havin' it it's the mad sinister
Dr. Evil with his bag of tricks for
this little antagonist faggot dick-suckin'
Ex-LL Cool J fan from Windsor
I'm 'bout to murder little Kenny fag Keniff-sta
You bastard I ain't wanna have to diss ya
Canabis where the fuck you at? I miss ya!
Can-i-bitch oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch
Now at first I ain't really understand the shit
Picture me for a second and imagine it
Chillin' in the Bat-Mansion and relaxin'
When all a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanners
It's Can-i-bitch on some  shit
It creeped me out at first. Man this is sick
For me being just a sick this conflict
Gets my dick harder than arithmetic
And I know how you jealous ones envy
I shoulda knew better from the first few letters you sent me
The first two letters you were tellin' me shit
Like you respect me like any other regular MC
The third letter you ask how come I ain't return
None of the messages at Shady Records you left me 
The fourth letter: "Slim you really startin' to upset me!" 
The fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me 
The sixth letter there's a bomb threat in our building 
This crazy motherfucker's really tryin' to kill me! 
So I went back and read the first few letters that said 
Some shit about a message you left 
Oh shit that's not an  that's an  
This dude wants to leave me a "massage" he's gay!! 
Right away I'm on the phone with Dr. Dre 
We got a bogey!  
Can-i-bitch oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch 
So in two seconds flat Dre's at my crib 
The funny thing is we both know where this kid lives 
And neither one of us have Canadian citizenship 
Shit. Oh Dre wait a mintue that's it 
All we gotta do is use a bit of turbo boost 
We can fly over the border  
So we're off to Toronto and we're gainin' speed 
  Jermaine Dupri 
Fuck It keep goin' no time to waste 
Wait backup hit him one more time in case 
Okay .. fuck now he's draggin' under the car 
Oh well only 30 more thousand miles 
Meanwhile me and Dre are tryin' to conversate 
Just tryin' to find a reason for the constant hate 
And tryin' to figure out what happened to 'Germaine Propaine' 
 Ain't no way 
"What happened to the way you was rappin' when you was scandalous 
That Canibus turned into a television evangelist" 
Plus he raps with his regular voice 
  Pet Shop Boys 
So we pull up to the bridge where he last was spotted 
His corpse was still movin' but his ass was rotted 
He kinda smelled a little like Courtney Love 
I figure if I stick him with a fork he's done 
So I stabbed him twice kept jabbin' Christ 
He won't die this guy's like a battered wife 
He's like Kim he keeps comin' back for more 
But he won't fight back I cracked his jaw 
Hold up 'Bis quit foldin' up! 
Punch me in the chest! Make my shoulders touch! 
Do somethin'! At least one punchline 
C'mon till the meter reads 9-9-9-
ty-nine percent of my fans are blonde 
'Bis c'mon answer me man respond! 
Tell me 'bout the sun rain moon and stars 
Intergalatical metaphors from Mars! 
Raw to the floor raw like Reservoir Dogs 
Bite another line from Redman's song! 
Suddenly the stub from a dead man's arm 
From a midget reaches out from under the car 
It's JD this motherfucker won't die neither 
Dre starts sprayin' him with cans of ether 
We stomped the bitch and then stopmed the bitch again 
 Detroit bitch! Talk some shit again! 
Stomp him!  Stomp him!  
Dre alright he's dead dog quit kickin him! 
I think Stanabis jumped off the bridge again 
He disappeared yo he's gone he did it again 
Can-i-bitch oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yo check it out it's fucked up and I don't see either one of us budging
I'm withholding my anger
Though I'd like to be the strangler
Of this punk ass little pussy's puny neck
It's my right to insist
That he acknowledge my existence
But he just displays complete lack of respect
That's what he says to himself
As he uses magazines to trash me
As he sits with both feet up at his desk
Smokes a bag of his weed
And starts imagining things
And he just can't see that he's manically depressed
And in his jealousy and envy
It just whirls him in a frenzy
As he turns on MTV and sees my face
He don't exist in this world
So he just twists and he twirls
Spirals and spins till he hurls himself into rage
And it's destroying him slowly
Cause he does not even know me
Even though he sees me everywhere he goes
So he just tortures himself
He has no fortune and wealth
So he extorts someone else to get his dough
And now he's acting like a bully
So he tries to push and pull me
But he knows that he can't fool me so he's mad
He has no choice but to scream
And raise his voice up at me
Cause it annoys him to see that I ain't scared
You ain't no motherfucking 
And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking 
I won't allow it ain't gonna coward to no 
I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a 
Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a 
And I know it must be fucking with you emotionall
Now I'm not trying to make no more enemies
No more unfortunately
There's so many other motherfuckers that just are
They just keep pounding at me
Now that I'm down with 50
Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja' 
But his ass is such a puppet
Irv could shove his whole hand up it
And just make him say what he wants him to say
But Suge has Irv's on a string
And Irv's so nervous that he
Says anything to this man to keep him at bay
So now Ja thinks that he's so tough
And Murder Inc.'s the big bad wolf
And they go huff and puff and blow our label down
But our building's made out of bricks
So you ain't taking out shit
And dawg you just did a song with Bobby Brown
So now you try to pull a race card
And it backfires in your face hard
Cause you know we don't play that black and white shit
Plus this stylist that you fucked
When you was ecstasied up
Was just a man who's dressed up as a white bitch
You must be taking to much 
Now what bothers me the most
About hip-hop is we so close
To picking up where we left off with Big and Pac
We just lost Jam Master J
Big L got blasted away
Plus we lost Bugs Slang Toungue and Freaky Ta
It's like a never-ending cycle
That just seems to come full circle
Everybody's gotta be so fucking hard
I'm not excluding myself
Cause I been stupid as well
I been known to lose it when someone says something smart
But as we grow as men
We learn to let shit go but then again
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand
We all got reps to uphold
When someone steps on our toes
It's no exception it goes for every man
But if Irv really gave a fuck
About Ja like he claims he does
He'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs
But he just keeps feeding him pills
So if that E doesn't kill him
Someone from G-Unit will and I ain't buzzed
Dawg I'm talking to you straight
If the situation escalates
Any worse we're gonna lose another soldier to this game
And if I get killed for this rap
I got a million in cash
That says I will get you back in Halie's name
Irvine get your boy off that 
Get at me lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Good mornin
Haha wake your mother fuckin asses up
Yo what is the what?
Well come on then you know what time it is
Stop sleepin on my roof bitch
For whatever it's worth it's worth me havin my arse whipped
Cause I'ma have the last lift that ever gets arse squished
I just can't get past these little pissants
That wanna be rauny bad asses so bad
And they so mad they can't stand it
Cause we can and they can't spit 
And they can't handle it like a man
And that's when it just happens
And I snap and it's a wrap and it's a scrap an then it isn't rap is it?
Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you got to go and resort back into that shit
Maybe I'm old fashioned but my pashion 
Is to smash anyone rappin without havin a slappin 
Believe me I'd much rather pick up a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now
But it all depends on just how far it get's took on the mic
Cause I'm tellin you right now your not gonna like it
Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin you with me
You poke a stick at a pitbull you get bit B
These words stick to you like crazy glue
When you diss me cause they just bounce off me like bullets do fifty!
I'm the beatiful-est thing and your gonna miss me when I'm gone
Like Kieth Murry when he threw a stool and hit a girl acci-dently 
I do this for Swifty Kon and Kuniva Bizzy & Proof are you with me?
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an
?? the media pitted me of a beef starter
In a party with heat it's hard to keep me without one
Fuck slugs I'm walkin gloves with a shotgun
Constantly popin slugs they hot son better not run
The bosses of all bosses a haluocaust to whoever ain't concious
In a house full of dog shit 
I'ma gothic death project you stop breathin 
You die quicker than mach speed without bleedin
It ain't about what you readin
When you meet me better speak like a season's greetins
Either that or we'll be beefin free when 
You ******* need a 'E' just to speak shit!
Your leader is a botique bitch
Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I snipe you with it and we won't even keep it a secret
****** I did it from a mind of a mental patient
When glocks wave you can save that conversation for satan
You brave?
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an
Yo yo I heard you niggas don't like us
But so what this beef is like 
'What tha fuck did he say in his rap Em?'
I can see that he's just a punk 
I mean these niggas squeeze on me 
Please I'm seeing guts
I don't need no enemies as my family a couple trucks
Am I empty seein them ?? I emtpy out them ?? to fight you 
In front of every reporter that I don't like
No need for metaphores I get yours across when I write
So emotions enough to say "fuck you bitch and I don't like you WHAT!" 
I might as well give this up like heavy sales
And just fuck an leave D12 and this blunt 
We can't self destruct
I've never felt it this much
Come on fellas get up
We got to fight like Bugs last night of his life
I walk with a limp pistol hangin off'a tha hip
I'm awkward and quick enough an sick when sparkin a fith
Your carcus is split even the beef is partially thick
We can't take you serious lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Get on your knees nigga get on your knees and pray!
Em you claim your mothers a crack head and Kim is a known slut so what's Halie gonna be when she grows up?
Ha ha yeah come on!
G-G-G-G-G-Unit
Hailie
 What??
 Come here baby
Bring daddy his Oscar
 Okay
 We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass
I'm about to get rid of some hoes it's simple
I put the Murder Inc with lead and I'm not talking about a pencil
Look at what the fuck you dun got into
I see you found your nitch you're just a bitch with a menstral
Claiming you a murderer and spelt it wrong
You put the  before the  because that's all you on
You on Pac's dick  you a replica guy if he were still alive you would never get by
All you do is cry bitch keep it real life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills
And what kind of motherfucker ruins 3 deals that another nigga got you they didn't see
skills
And I ain't playing your a brother getting cheated
And Ja Rule be praying on his cover cause he need it
And you niggas hating shut your mouths
It's just the real niggas ain't buying that shit you put out
Doe Rae Me but we don't sing motherfuckers
So Murda Inc do your thing motherfuckers
You unleashed on a team who expects nothing less then R 'n' B coming from that regime
Regime is a little extreme neck to neck with soldiers motherfucking marines
Ja sold his soul to sing we have witnessed teen on the TV screen chase the dream
Now that you embrace the green don't fuck with the triple beams
You're a motherfucking actor slash Pac impersonating rapper
Slash Billy Holiday how it happen?
Artists with repituares saw him in action Pac's assassination
Def jam grabbed him told him reenact him you'll go platinum
They seen it for sure I know that Afeni Shakur don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins
Reenacting her boy saw him click clacking his toy
Match and destroy Shady slash Aftermath in Detroit motherfucker
Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da
Don't play me cause your washed up lost your spot
Mama say mama sa Macosaca
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
Doe Rae Me cause we're hot and you're not
Going at me is the only shot you got
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
You can get popped after all that shit you talk
Now we can skip past the mean mugs get to the slugs
To grievance and the crying and intimate hugs
We don't take you serious nigga you shook
You're half of a half-way crook nigga get off X dick go sing a hook nigga
And you can't replace the late great one and when your gone you'll only be the late fake
one
Nigga please stick the script before the guns stick to the clip
And Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch fucking old ass ignorant innocent looking senior citizen
Built up slap you like renaissance sicitive wait a minute hold on
Is it me or do we look like a banana with braids and clothes on
A bitch made man now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a Tyrannosaurus Rex
You niggas can scream holla and curse and go ahead and respond
Pull that pen and pad up out of your purse
Slim set an impulse to get at the wanktas
He told me to let loose and spit at the ganstas
What up gotti were in this little war you pushed on
Put your ear to the drama for stucky and bush stones
What's wrong? didn't think were strong with real niggas
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
This real witness you all ain't caught the concept
You're talking non sense to walking bomb threats
Contacts were blown by Benzetta in the Source
Threatening at the boss you're gonna see me on your porch
Now I've got the nerve to try serve on us
But Detroit niggas curve and they stirs to bust
Do I gotta get my nigga bugs punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils
With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya? Caddillac Pac or that transvestite that dress like a Lil Kim Fox
Your just like a little wind box when I press tight on the trigger of this glock
That's right on the little shit you got left to help you eat
You not Pac's songs without laws will help you sleep
You got shot in your video trying to mock pac your avelli get your own identity
Doe Rae Me Fa So La Dee Da
Don't play me cause you're washed up lost your spot
Mama say mama sa Macosaca
(Fucking punk pussy BITCH!)
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
Doe Rae Me cause we're hot and you're not
Going at me is the only shot you got
Ja quit playing now get off your not Tupac
(Gonna shoot the shit outta you little fucking midgets
Hailie will whip your mother fucking asses)
You can get popped after all that shit you talk
Yeah that's right motherfuckers
Shady Records what you know about?
Fuck Benzino fuck Ja Rule
Nigga this is Obie Trice right here talking to you mother fuckers
Ja Rule punk ass yeah
Fuck his soul for real ass
Nigga that's soul that's the nigga from 'soul for real'
Candy rain ass nigga you got a deal now you rapping
You don't know us fagot ass mother fuckers
Give money to all my real niggas
Obie Trice D12 G-Unit 50 Cent lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Still on?
Yo is the mic on?
Check check check
Alright let's do it
Let's go come on
(Eminem Eminem lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Lord please forgive me for what I do
For I know not what I've done
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds
Momma had a baby and it's head popped off (head popped off
Head popped off head popped off head popped off head popped off)
My momma don't want me the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off
(gettin' dropped off gettin' dropped off gettin' dropped off gettin' dropped off)
Ring ring ring on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch
(their front porch their front porch their front porch their front porch)
But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn
(else's lawn else's lawn else's lawn) 'til somebody finally took me in
My Great Aunt and Uncle Edna 'n Charles (Edna 'n Charles
Edna 'n Charles Edna 'n Charles Edna 'n Charles)
They were the ones who were left in charge
My elementary they ganged up on me and sang this song
(sang this song sang this song sang this song sang this song)
It went a little something like
Mary had a little lamb little lamb little lamb
Debbie had a Satan spawn Satan spawn
Momma why do they keep saying this I just don't understand understand
And by the way where's my daaaaaaaaaaad?
Predominantly predominantly everything's always predominantly
Predominantly white predominantly black but what about me
Where does that leave me? Well I guess that I'm between predominantly
Both of 'em I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'mma scream
While I'm projectile vomiting what do I look like a comedian to you?
Do you think that I'm kidding? What do I look like some kind of idi-
Wait a minute shit don't answer that - why am I so misunderstood?
Why do I go through so much bullshit it's such bullshit it's tush mull bisch
Woe is me there goes poor Marshall again whinin about his millions
And his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in
From the dad he never had and how his childhood was so bad
And how his mom was a dope addict and his ex-wife how they go at it
Man I'd hate to have it as bad as that Mr. Mathers claims he had it
I can't imagine it that little rich poor white bastard
Needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it
Man if I only had half of it
Shit if you only knew the half of it
Evil deeds while I plant these evil seeds
Please release me from these demons
I never had any of this shit planned mom please believe
I don't wanna be Satan's spawn never got the chance to say I'm sorry
Now look at all the pain I caused
Dear Santa Claus why you not comin' this year again?
What did I do that was so bad to deserve this?
Everything could have been so perfect
But life ain't a fairytale I'm about to be hoisted up in the air
Forty feet below me there's people everywhere
I don't even know why they feel like they know me cause I'm in this ferris wheel
And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hailie on the carousel
Without this crowd everywhere I go but life is like a merry-go-round
Here we go now doe-se-doe now curtains up the show must go
Now ring around the rosie the show's over you can all go home now
But the curtain just don't close for me this ain't how fame is supposed to be
Where's the switch I could just turn off and on this ain't what I chose to be
So please God give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on
'til I pass 50 back the baton the camera's on lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
There's not much you could do or say to phase me
People think I'm a little bit crazy
I get it from all angles even occasionally Doc Dre-zie'll
Have to step in every once in a while to save me
To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things
Sometimes I forget what other people just may think
A lot of rappers probably wouldn't know how to take me
If they heard some shit I'd lay the tape 'fore they erase me
I maybe a little too fast paced and racy
Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me twenty times
cuz I say so many rhymes it may seem like I'm goin too fast cuz my mind is racing
And I could give a fuck what category you place me
Long as when I'm pushing up daisies and gone
As long as you place me amongst one of them greats
When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside Jay-Z
For every single die hard fan who embraced me
I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me
And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me
Believe it or not I thank my mom for how she raised me
In the neighborhood daily they jumped and chased me
It only made me what I am today see
Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me
You ain't gonna make or break me
Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake G
You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening
Cuz sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me
And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving to say to me
You had all this time to think about it
Now don't pussy out and try to about face me
Cuz I've been patiently waiting for the day
That we finally meet in the same place to see
No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many MC's I eat up
Ooh ooh it's never enough
My flow's untouchable now you gotta face it
Uh oh it gets worse when I go back to the basics
You go say the wrong shit and get your face split
The smell of victory love it so much I can taste it
I spot my target blaze it direct hit
Graze it your peace talk save it
You shit sounds dated you're overrated
I'm obligated to study your moves then crush you mutherfuckers
If I'm the best and the worst then God's gift is a curse
Soldier trained to destroy you payin' attention boy?
I spit shit slick shit so quick you miss it
To be specific I go ballistic as hieroglyphic
My music is a drug press play you ain't gotta sniff it
Chew it or pop it roll a bag or chop it
Get your high over and over but you gotta cop it
When it's hot it's hot
Your hatin' is undeniable lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough. If you wish to be
saved not in a religious sense but not to constitute what this country at times calls if or
which over. We seem to be approaching an age of the gross. We all have this idea that we should
move up from our parents station and each generation should do a little bit better.
Come on let's cut the bullshit enough
Let's get it started let's start addressing this issue and open it up
Let's take this shit back to basement
And we can discuss statements thats made on this tape
And its whole origin of the music that we all know and love
The music that we all enjoy the music you all accuse me of tryna destroy
Let's rewind it to 89 when I was a boy on the east side of Detroit
Crossing 8 Mile into Warren into hick territory
I'd like to share a story this is my story and cant no body tell it for me
You will well inform me I am well aware that I don't belong here
You've made that perfectly clear I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
From Bel-Air shopping center just for stopping in there
From the black side all the way to the white side
OK there's a bright side a day that I might slide
You may call it a past I call it hauling my ass
Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh them railroad tracks them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious oh well known tracks
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home
I roam the streets so much they call me a drifter
Sometimes I stick up a thumb just to hitch hike
Just to get picked up to get me a lift to 8 mile and Van Dyke
And steal a god damn bike from somebody's backyard
And drop it off at the park that was the half way mark
To meet Kim had to walk back to her mama's on Chalmers after dark
To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's
Thats about the time I first met Proof with Goofy Gary on the steps
At Osbourne handing out some flyers he was doing some talent shows
At Centerline High I had told him to stop by and check this out sometime
He looked at me like I'm out my mind shook his head like white boys don't know how to rhyme
I spit out a line and rhymed birthday with first place
And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
We was on the same shit that Big Daddy Kane shit with compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home
My first year in 9th grade can't forget that day at school
It was cool till your man MC Shan came through
And said that Puma's The Brand 'cause the clan makes troops
It was rumors but man god damn they flew
Must've been true because man we done banned they shoes
I had the new ones the Cool J Ice land swayed too
And we just through them in the trash like they yesterday's news
Guess who came through next X-clan debut
Professor X vanglorious exists in a state of red black and green
With a key sissies now with this being a new trend
We don't fit in crackers is out with Cactus albums
Blackness is in African symbols and medallions
Represents black power and we ain't know what it meant
Me and my man Howard and Butter we would go to the mall with 'em
All over our necks like we're showing 'em off not knowing at all
We was being laughed at you ain't even half black
You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that
And that Flavor Flave clock we gonna have to snatch that
All I remember is meeting back at Manix's basement
saying how we hate this lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Step by step heart to heart left right left
We all fall down...
Step by step heart to heart left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit torn apart we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it my crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit I tried to squash it it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy this shit went way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
It wasn't my intentions my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin'
And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out this just wasn't my beef
So I did I just fell back watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Like fuck it i understand this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em mash 'em and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Well fuck it that motherfucker can get it too fuck him then
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us strictly to show they support us
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyan Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
It ain't worth it I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America
And to the Republic for which it stands
One nation under God
Indivisible with liberty and justice for all...
It feels so good to be back..
I scrutinize every word memorize every line
I spit it once refuel re-energize and rewind
I give sight to the blind my insight through the mind
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time
It's just all in your mind what you interpret it as
I say to fight you take it as I'mma whip someone's ass
If you don't understand don't even bother to ask
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past
Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft
Slash entrepreneur who has helped launch a few more rap acts
Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half
Of his career typical manure moving past that
Mr. kisses ass crack he's a class act
Rubber band man yea he just snaps back
Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on give me hope give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight we gonna charge we gonna stomp we gonna march
Through the swamp we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors 
All the people up top on the side and the middle
Come together lets all bomb and swamp just a little
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black
Don't matter what color all that matters we gathered together
To celebrate for the same cause don't matter the weather
If it rains let it rain yea the wetter the better
They ain't gonna stop us they can't we stronger now more than ever
They tell us no we say yea they tell us stop we say go
Rebel with a rebel yell raise hell we gonna let em know
Stomp push shove mush Fuck Bush until they bring our troops home 
Imagine it pouring it's raining down on us
Mosh pits outside the oval office
Someone's tryina tell us something
Maybe this is God just sayin' we're responsible
For this monster this coward
That we have empowered
This is Bin Laden look at his head noddin'
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists
Now this is our final hour
Let me be the voice in your strength and your choice
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise
Try to amplify the times it and multiply by six...
Teen million people Are equal at this high pitch
Maybe we can reach alqueda through my speech
Let the president answer a higher anarchy
Strap him with an Ak-47 let him go fight his own war
Let him impress daddy that way
No more blood for oil we got our own battles to fight on our own soil
No more psychological warfare to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal
If we don't serve our own country we're patronizing a hero
Look in his eyes its all lies
The stars and stripes they've been swiped washed out and wiped
And replaced with his own face Mosh now or die
If I get sniped tonight you know why
Cause I told you to fight.
And as we proceed
To Mosh through this desert storm
In these closing statements if they should argue
Let us beg to differ
As we set aside our differences
And assemble our own army
To disarm this Weapon of Mass Destruction
That we call our President for the present
And Mosh for the future of our next generation
To speak and be heard
Mr. President lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
There I go--thinking of you again
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do but you do
Every time I think of you I puke
I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem
But off of the dome would probably be a little more more suitable for this type of song--whoa
I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of
Sixteen bars this ain't enough to put some ink ta
So fuck it I'ma start right here I'll just be brief I'm
Bout to rattle off some of the reasons
I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you
On my arm but what do I go and do
I go and get another one now I got two
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
Now I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin
I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again
My next girlfriend now her name's gotta be Kim
Shi-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-it
If you only knew how much I hated you
For every motherfuckin' thing you ever put us through
Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you
Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-who
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do but you do
Every time I think of you I puke
I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter
But I thought a song would probably be a little better
Instead of a letter
That you'd probably just shred up--yeah
I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of
How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta a stupid piece a
Paper I'd rather let you see how
Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle
You're a fuckin' coke-head slut I hope you fuckin' die
I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye
I hate your fuckin' guts you fuckin' slut I hope you die
Di-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-ie
But please don't get me wrong I'm not bitter or mad
It's not that I still love you it's not 'cause I want you back
It's just that when I think of you it makes me wanna
Gag-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-ag
What else can I do I haven't got a clue
Now I guess I'll just move on I have no choice but to
But every time I think of you now all I wanna do
Is pu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uke
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do but you do
Every time I think of you lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Ohh!
Yeah!
So much for first single on this one
Shady's the label
Aftermath is the stable
That the horses come out erra
Of course we're about to stir up
Some shit thick as Mrs Buttersworth's syrup
It's the Mr. picked on Christopher Reeves
Just for no reason other than the just to tease him
Cause he was was his biggest fan he used to be Superman
Now we're pouring liquor on the curb in his name for him
Eminem you wait till' we meet up again
Fucker I'm kicking your ass for everything you've ever said
It's one for the money two for the fucking show
Ready get set let's go
Here comes the bucking bronco stomping and stampeding up the damn street
Like them buffalo soldiers I told ya I'm bout' to blow
So look out below Geronimo motherfuckers is dominos
I'm on a roll around and around I go
When will I stop? I don't know
Tryna pick up where the Eminem Show left off
But I know anything's possible
Though I'm not gonna top what I sold
I'm at the top of my game
That shit is not gonna change
Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team
I'll get away with murder
I'm like O.J. he's like my Cochran today
We keep the Mark Fuhrman tapes
In a safe locked them away
Better watch what you say
Just when you thought you were safe
Them fuckers got you on tape
You swear to god you was playing
Whether or not you was little Joshua
Gosh I wish I could've told you to not do the same
Cause one day it could cost you your name
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so
Fuck it let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca
Erra Erra Eric swallowed some generic sleeping pills
And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derick bare naked
chicka chicka chicka ..
Janean just turned 16 and used a fake id
To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly
Hehehehehe to be so young and naive
Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free
Paris and Nikki's parents must be so tickled to cherish
Every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks
Hickory Dickory Dirk Diggler
Look at me work wizardry with these words
Am I a jerk or just jerk chicken
Or Chicka chicka chicka chicka jer jer jerkin the chain
22 jerks and a jerk circle
Or is it a circle jerk or wait a minute
What am I saying allow me to run it back and rewind it
rrrbb lemme ask you again
Am I just jerkin the chain
Am I bizerk or insane
Or am I just one of them damn amateurs
Working the damn camera filming one of them
Paris Hilton home made pornos
Who keeps tilting the lens at an angle
Chicka Chicka
Just recently somebody just discovered
Britney and Justin videotapes of them fucking
When they were just musketeers in the Mickey Mouse club
And dusted them and went straight to The Source with them
Cause they could've sworn someone said Nuh-
And then tried to erase and record over it
But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the
Ga-Uh and then the come to find out it was Justin
Saying 
And this was suppose to be
supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so
Fuck it let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca
Any opinions or somethin you just wanna get off your chest
And address it about my lyrics I'd love to hear it
All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number
It's 1-800-I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick
And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me
Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key
And I'll be sure to get back
As soon as there comes a day that I fall out with Dre
Wake up gay make up with Ray 
So fuck a chicken lick a chicken suck a chicken
Beat a chicken eat a chicken like it's a big cock bawka-bi-kaw
Or suck a dick and lick a dick and eat a dick
And stick a dick in your mouth
I'm done you can fuck off
fucka-fucka-fuck off!
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so
Fuck it lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hey Em it's Paul
Uh listen I just got a call from the label
And you're probably not gonna be surprised but um
Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the 'Just Lose It' video
And um I mean he's pissed so I-I don't know what he's gonna do
But we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this um
Oh yeah anyway somebody told me that um they heard a rumor that you got a new gun um
I know it's probably not true but I just need to talk to you about that
So uh lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah
(Definitely definitely definitely dope definitely definitely K-mart)
Yeah yeah
You find me offensive I find you offensive
For finding me offensive
Hence if I should draw the line on any fences
If so to what extent
If at any should I go
'Cause it's getting expensive
Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
They say I cause extensive
Psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths this
Far at other peoples' expenses
I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive
It's censorship
And it's down right blasphemous
Let's end this shit now 'cause I won't stand for this
And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither
And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either
He used to be like a hero to me
I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator
Right next to Darth Vader
And Darth must have put a hex on him for later
I feel like it's my fault 'cause of the way that
I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor
I killed Superman I killed Super--man
And how ironic that I'd be the bad guy
Kryptonite: The Green Chronic
'Cause I ain't got no legs!
Or no brain nice to meet you
Hi my name is...
I forgot my name!
My aim was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is....
Rain Man
Now in the Bible it says
Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed
Have homosexual sex
Unless of course you were given the consent to join in
Then of course it's intercourse
And it's bi-sexual sex
Which isn't as bad as long as you show some remorse for your actions
Either before during or after performing the act of that which
Is normally referred to have such more commonly known phrases
That are more used by today's kids
In a more derogatory way but
Who's to say what's fair to say and what not to say?
Let's ask Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre? 
I gotta question if I may? 
Is it gay to play Putt-Putt golf with a friend 
And watch his butt-butt when he tees off? 
But up I ain't done yet
In football the quarterback yells out hutt-hutt
While he reaches in another grown man's ass
Grabs on his nuts but just what if
It was never meant it was just an accident
But he tripped fell slipped and his penis went in
His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it
But his little weenie flinched just a little bit
And I don't mean to go in into any more details but
What if he pictured it as a females butt?
Is that gay? I just need to clear things up
'Til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because...
You find me offensive I find you offensive
Shit this is the same verse I just did this
When am I gonna come to my good senses?
Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses
My spider sense is telling me Spiderman is nearby
And my plan is to get him next
And open up a whip-ass canister
Goddamn it Dre where's the god damn beat? 
Anyway anyway I don't know how else to put it
This is the only thing that I'm good at
I am the bad guy Kryptonite: The Green Chronic
Demonic yep yep don't worry I'm on it
I got it high five Nick Lachey
Stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away
And as she flew around the room like a balloon
I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna
Out the trash can and zoom
I headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch
With a peanut butter jelly chicken tuna sandwich
And I ain't even gotta make no god damn sense
I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit
Cause IIIAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHAHAHAAA AAAAAHAHHHHHHHHHH
Yo Rain Man
Definitely lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I don't understand
Why are you being so mean?
You're mean mean man
You are just jealous of me
Cuz you you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me cuz you're a meanie a meanie
But it's only cuz you're
Just really jealous of me
Cuz I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
Cuz it's too easy to see
You're really just a big weenie big weenie
Alright listen I need you to focus
I need you to go dig deep in your mind this is important
We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts
I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment
Now I need you to open your mind-your eyes close them
You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis
For the next four and a half minutes
We are going to explore into your mind
To find out why you're so fuckin' jealous
Now why did they make Yoo-Hoo?
Hippity ga-ga boo-boo
Psych I'm kidding
I just wanted to see if you're still listenin'
Ok now I need your undivided attention
Sir I have a question
Why do I always sense this undeniable tension
From the moment that I enter into the room
It gets all quiet and whispers
Whenever theres conversation why am I always mentioned?
I've been dying to ask it's been itchin' at me
Is it just because
Alright now I I just flubbed a line
I was going to say something extremely important
But I forgot who or what it was I fucked up
Psych I'm kidding again you idiot no I didn't
That's just what you wanted to hear from me
Is that I fucked up ain't it?
But I can bust one take without lookin' at no paper
It doesn't take a bunch of takes
Or me to stand here in this booth all day
For me to say the truth ok?
You're droolin you have tooth decay
Your mouth is open you're disgusting
What the fuck you eat for lunch
A bunch of sweets or something what?
You munch a bunch of Crunch 'N Munch?
Your tooth is rotten to the gum
Your breath stinks wanna chew some gum?
Yes I do sir what am I on?
You sir are on truth syrum
Marshall I'm so jealous of you
Please say you won't tell nobody
I'd be so embarrassed I'm just absolutely terrified
That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying
All these terrible evil and awful mean things
It's my own insecurity!
Alright now we we're going to conduct
That experiment that we were talking about earlier
Just to see what a frog looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy
Cuz that's exactly what your eyes look like want to check to see?
Here's a mirror notice the resemblence here?
Wait let me put these sun glasses on
Now look in this mirror how about now?
What do you have in common?
You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em
You look like I sound like singing about weenies
Now take my weenie out of your mouth
This is between me and you I know you're not happy
I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room somewhere crying
Curled up in a ball tweeked out of my mind dying
There is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than yours is
Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges
Why you even doing this to yourself it's pointless
Why do we have to keep on going through this this is tortuous
My point is this
That if you say mean things weenie will shrink
Now I fogot what the chorus is lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Aye yo Paul It's Em
I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing
And I know that he's not 'thrilled' about the video
What does he 'wanna be startin' somethin'?'
Well I'll show him who's really 'bad'
Paul 'the way you make me feel' with these calls
You should really take a look at the 'man in the mirror'
And tell him to 'beat it' because I 'won't stop till I get enough'
Do you 'remember the time' we were watching the 'Billy Jean' video?
Well he'll always be that Michael to me
And it doesn't matter if he's 'black or white'
Because I 'can't stop loving him' and I hate plastic surgeons
And I hope they all fucking die!
How do you like that?
And I like him I like him a lot
I want to touch him but I can't
Excuse me I'm taking a shit
Sorry
Anyways call me back
I have this idea about how I want to end the show
So hit me when you get this message fucker
Oh lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Down down down down down down down down down down!
OK..
Guess who's back?
Back again
Shady's back
Tell a friend
Whaaaaaaaa
Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor
Alright Stop!.....Pajama time
Come here little kiddies On my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap?
And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child molestation accusation
No worries papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise?
I done touched on everything but little boys
That's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God dip do a little slide
Bend down touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bunghole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know who'd hear it?
Give a little  it's OK! 
Oops my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
Just lose it
Go crazy
Oh baby
Oh baby baby
Well it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way to Sunday
Maybe 'til Monday I dunno what day
Everyday's just a holiday
Crusin' on the freeway
Feelin' kinda breezy
Got the top down lettin' my hair blow
I dunno where I'm goin'
All I know is when I get there
Someone's gonna touch my body
Excuse me miss I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair?
Spit on me maybe gouge my eyes out? 
Now what's your name girl?
What's your sign?
 "Man you must be up out your mind"
DRE! 
Beer Goggles! Blind!
I'm just tryna unwind now I'm
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
Just lose it
Go crazy
Oh baby
Oh baby baby
It's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was running butt naked
Down the street screaming
Well I'm sorry I don't remember
All I know is this much
I'm not guilty
They said "Save it boy we gotcha you on tape
yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch my body!'"
Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real intense no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Snap back to reality
Look it's B.Rabbit!
Yo you signed me up to battle!?
I'm a grown man!
Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie
I don't have any lines to go right here so chubba teletubbie!
Fella's  Fella's 
Grab you left nut make your right one jealous 
Black girls
White girls
Skinny girls
Fat girls
Tall girls
Small girls
I'm callin' all girls
Everyone report to the dance floor
It's your chance for a little romance or
Butt squeezin' it's the season
Just go 
It's so appeasin'
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
Just lose it
Go crazy
Oh baby
Oh baby lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
The way you shake it I can't believe it
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it you make my pee pee go
Doing doing doing
I don't believe it it's almost too good to be true
I ain't never seen an ass like that
The way you move it you make my pee pee go
Doing doing doing
The way she moves she's like a belly dancer
She's shaking that ass to that new nelly jam I
Think someones at the door
But I don't think I'm gonna answer
Police saying 
Doing doing doing
What do you mean freeze?
Please I'm a human being I have needs
I'm not done not till I'm finish peeing
I am not resisting arrest I am agreeing Mr. Officer
I'm already on my knees
I can't get on the ground any further it's impossible for me
And do not treat me like a murderer I just like to pee pee pee
Yes I make r&b I sing song it go
Ring-a-chong a-ching-chong-chong-chong-ching
Psych I joke I joke I kidd I kidd
If I offend I'm sorry please please forgive
For I am Triumph the puppet dog I am a mere puppet
I can get away with anything I sing you will love it
Jessica Simpson looks oh so temptin'
Nick I ain't never seen an ass like that
Everytime I see that show on MTV my pee pee goes
Doing doing doing
Mary-Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome
Now they're getting older they're starting to grow bum bums
I go to the movies and sit down with my pop corn
Police saying 
Doing doing doing
What do you mean freeze?
Geez I just got my seat
I have ticket look I put away my zipper zipped
Please do not remove me from this movie theater please
I did not even get to see Mary-Kate shower scene
I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene
And don't treat me like I'm pee wee herman this movies PG
Mr. Officer I demand to see my attorney
I will simply plead innocent cop a plea and be free
Free yes free right back on the streets
What you mean my lawyer's with Michael he's too busy?
I am Triumph Britney Spears has shoulders like a man
And I can say that and you'll laugh cuz that is a puppet on my hand
Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so
I ain't never seen a butt like that
Maybe next year I'll say ass and she'll make my pee pee go
Doing doing doing
The way she moves she dances like a go-go
In that video she sings get out your bozo
I need a new boyfriend hi my name is JoJo
Police saying 
Doing doing doing
What do you mean freeze?
My computers would be seized and my keys to my ranch
I just baked cookies Mr. Officer looky take a whiff of these
Here I make Jesus juice take a sip of this
Nobody is safe from me no not even me
I don't even know if I can say the word pee pee pee
On the radio but I think I did
Janet is that a breast I think I just saw a tit
Psych I joke I joke I kidd I kidd
I don't think my joke is working I must flee quick
Get to the chopper everybody get out
I am not Triumph I am Arnold get down
So Gwen Stefani will you pee pee on me please?
I ain't never seen an ass like that
Cuz the way you move it you make my pee pee go
Doing doing lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
If there's any bitches in this room then there's something I gotta say
For all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way
I've been down that road and now I'm back sittin' on square one
Tryna pick myself up where I started from
I never woulda thought that I'd see you outta control
Even though my penis was deep down in your hole
You should know between us we was like mates to soul
Nothing could intervene us especially no hoes
You was more so the chalant type I chose
To more shows haunted you nights I suppose
That's how it go with time spent emotion grows
In the beginning friends we decided to roll
So who's responsible when you get excited explode
And Obie's grinning then you invite that Obie's cold
But bitches the gon' talk niggas they gon' hate
We established this way before we became mates
So whats required is that you chill with all that fire
Get your desire when I retire
Spend some time with me say that you'll be mine
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me say that you'll be mine
I used to say I never met a girl like you before
Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are
Almost went as far as introducing you to my daughters
Till you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers
Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for
Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore
You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours
All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls
If you recall I used to treat you as a groupie broad
When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off
But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off
It was a shock it struck me as odd but it turned me on
You started getting moody on me pretty soon we'd argue
And the ruder you got the more beautiful you got to me
And who woulda even knew that who woulda even thought possibly
Cupid could shoot another one of them God damn darts at me
It's true that I got shot in the heart
But when someone seems too good to be true they usually are
But see when you're in it it's too hard to see
Till you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach
Up under the seat as your heart starts to beat
Before you make a decision that's life altering
And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave
You hear them words echoing almost haunting that taunting ring
In most cases Stat's attitude is fuck-a-bitch
My only motive is to get head and fuck a bitch
But you was different thought we shared a covenant
Even held your hand in public we sufferin' because of this
Shorty on some whole 'notha other shit
Tryna play sick thinkin' i'mma trick off rick
I'll admit I was caught in the mix down to commit
Feed you the best of me I shoulda fed you piss
We started off closer than close
But who coulda predicted to know your triflin' ways woulda stopped our growth
And the final result back in that same boat
I ask myself do I love these hoes? NO!
Em introduced us "50 this is Tanya Tanya this is 50"
Then slid off and left her to kick it with me
I complimented her I said you have very nice lips
With my imagination I could see her suckin' my dick
We played the phone game a week later shit changed fast
Had her comin' over in a cab to give me some ass
Downtown Manhattan on the balcony stare at the skyline
Penthouse full of imported shit you know how I grind
She got to talkin' talkin' like an opportunist too
Why talk when suckin' my dick is the real career move?
Said she's an inspiring actress she do videos for practice
Yeah yeah lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.
Hailie I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad even when you smile even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes deep inside you want to cry
'Cause you're scared I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying wipe them tears
Daddy's here no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it we gon' do it
Lainie Uncle's crazy ain't he?
Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins when it swirls
When it whirls when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as daddy that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream
Now hush little baby don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
'Cause daddy felt like a bum see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurts so bad it broke your mamma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sitting in this empty house just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too daddy's still here
I like the sound of that yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh mama's only gone for the moment
Now hush little baby don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I Tell myself that I'm doing alright
Nothing else to do tonight but
To go Crazy Crazy On You
Lemme go Crazy Crazy on you
youuuuuuuuu
Can't you see what you do to me baby?
You make me crazy you make me act like a maniac.
I'm like a lunatic you make me sick
You truly are the only one who can do this to me
You just make me get so crazy.
I go skitzo I get so insane I just go skitzophrenic
One minute I want to slit your throat
The next I want to sex.
You make me crazy
the way we act like 2 maniacs in the sac
We fuck like 2 jackrabbits
And maybe that's a bad habit.
Cuz the next day we're right back at it
In the same exact pattern
What the fuck is the matter with us
We can't figure out if it's
Lust or it's love
What's sad is what's attracting us to each other
They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother.
Which would explain why you're such a motherfucking bitch
But I stay and still stick it out with you even though I just hit you today
But you deserve it you hit me first and provoked me to choke you
Just cuz I came home late last night crawled in bed and I woke you.
But if there's one thing about you I admire its baby
Because you stay with me maybe because you're as crazy as I am
Cuz when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes
But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side.
Like a devil in disguise
You're always full of surprises
Always pullin' devises
Out your purse little vibrators and dildos
You fucked yourself so much
You barely feel those anymore
You're only 24 but you're plenty more mature
Than those other little hoes
Who just act like little girls
Like they're in middle school still
You're crazy sexy cool chillin
You play your position
You never step out of line
Even though I stay in your business
You've always kept out of mine.
I wonder whats on your mind
Sometimes they say love is blind
Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye
You ain't see a sign.
Or maybe you did Maybe you like being shoved
Maybe cuz we're crazy in loooove
Crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy crazy on youuuuuuuuu
You're the ink to my paper
Where my pen is to my pad
The moral the very fiber
The whole substance to my rap.
You are my reason for being
The meaning of my existence
If it wasn't for you
I would never be able to spit this
As intense I do and the irony
Is you rely on me as much
as I rely on you to inspire me like you do.
You provide me the lighter fluid to fuel my fire
You're my entire supply
Gas the match the igniter.
The only way that I am able to stay so stable
Is you're the legs to my table
If you were to break I'd fall on my face.
But I'm always going to make you feel
I don't need you as much as I really need you
So you don't use it to your advantage.
But you're essential to me
You're the air I breathe
I believe if you ever leave me
I'd probably have no reason to be.
You are the Kim to my Marshall
You're the Slim to my Shady
The Dre to my Eminem
The Elaina to my Hailey.
You are the word I am looking for when
I'm trying to describe how I feel inside
And the right one just won't come to my mind.
You're like the pillar that props me up
The beam that supports me
The bitch who never took half lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I told ya'll motherfuckers I was coming back
What now nigga what now what
You's the projects nigga
One shot two shot three shots four shots
All I hear is gunshots
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop hit the floor
Music's off party stops
Everybody hit the door
Somebody's licking shots off
Security's gone I'm dropped in the club
And I'm tryna run and get my motherfucking gun
Nigga fuck my wife I'm tryna run and save my motherfucking life
Oh shit the shooter's comin'
Bitches hollering niggas running
People shot all over the floor
And I'm tryna make it to the St. Andrew's door
That's the sound of the glock
Even DJ House you fucked around and got shot
I done messed around and forgot my tec
I don't see nobody but Fab Five and Hex
These niggas is trippin'
I'm tryna slip through the exit and get to where my car is at
Bitches screaming everywhere and niggas is wildin'
Two minutes ago we was all joking and smiling
This chick is clinging onto me sobbing and sighing
Saying she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she crying
But it's real and it's on and cats is getting killed
So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield
And she got hit now she yelling
I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch believed me
I squeezed through the back door and made my escape
I ran and got my 38 I hope its not to late
I'm on seven mile what the fuck was that
Damn somebody hit me from the back
With a gat nigga and my tire flat
And I just hit a pole them niggas some hoes
I don't know
But I can tell you what they drove
It was a black Mitsubishi with...
Man! 
And I was on my way there
Believe me I'm leaving a carcass today
And I'mma park my car and walk the rest of the way
I'm in the mood to strut my AK ain't even tucked
I'm gonna meet you at the club we're gonna fuck these hoes up
I've never seen no shit like this in my life before
People are still camped out from the night before
Sleeping outside the door waiting in line
Still tryna get inside the club to see D12 perform
The fire marshals know the venue's too small
People are wall to wall three thousand and some odd fans
And some cum wad from out the parking lot
Gets in an argument over a parking spot
Decides to pull his gun out and let's a few of 'em off
Missed who he's aiming for six feet away's the door
Into the same entrance hall now the strays flying all over the place
Grazed one bitch in the face another one of 'em came through the wall
Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off
I'm posted up by the bar having a Mazel Tov
Bullet whizzed right by my ear damn near shot it off
Thank god I'm alive I gotta find a nine
And where the fuck is Von he usually tucks one on him
Wait a minute I think I just saw Bizarre
Nah I guess not what the fuck oh my god it was
I never saw him run so fast in my life
Look at him hauling ass I think he left his wife
There she is on the ground being trampled
I go to grab her up by the damn hand but I can't pull her
God damn there just went another damn bullet I'm hit
My vest is barely able to handle it it's too thin
If I get hit again I can't do it I scoop Dee
Follow Bizarre's path and ran through it
Made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps
Looked up and I seen Swift shooting it out
But I can't see who he's shooting it out with
But Denaun's right behind him squeezing his four fifth
It's Friday night came to this bitch right
Big ass in my left hand lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Dr. Dre 50 Cent)
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit! haha
Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left all my people on the right
Swing one last time
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now here we go
Cliff hanger it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down
Times up games over you lose I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah new year next phase begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone you don't come back too bad
You're off the map now radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind you slip we out-grind you
You walk around mad you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin' whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe listen you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later three diamond
World-wide we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'
When dr. dre say crunk you will get it crunk get it crunk
Crunk crunk crunk
And when 50 cent says jump you get on one foot and jump
Jump jump jump jump
The buzz is tremendous we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off we just goin' off popular consensus
But critics say that Doc is soft Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this Doc is that you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record 
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second 
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass
Cuz we done swam with the sharks wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game thats why we came to
50 cent come on!
Bounce now hands up you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret everybody know
When Dre's involved there's plenty money involved
And plenty honey's involved the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys let's rally
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker
So never say never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc 
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh
Yeah haha
Still Aftermath 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin' we gonna make Dre do it haha
50 cent G-unit Obie Trice D-twizzy Stat Quo Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin' let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen thank you all for comin' out peace!
Oh shit I almost forgot
You're comin' with me 
Haha bye bye!
See you in hell lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
There's an intruder
in my house
He cut my phone-lines
can't dial out
I scream for police
but I doubt
They're gonna hear me
when I shout
A couple of cocktails will send me to jail
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail
But this time when I get pulled over
there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me
quit fooling with me
Bitch you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
and which you're gonna see in the long run
Im'a be the wrong one
you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass
flashing that flash-light on my ass where was you at
last night when them assholes
ran up on my grass
rapper slash actor
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass
they took away my right to bear arms
what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms?
yeah right
they coming with bombs I'm coming with flare-guns
We as Americans
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans
Im'a make buku bucks
wearing buku vests
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest
but you know who
with an  tattooed to my chest
But I've finessed
Now I got the Industry pissy
ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny
We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty
Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents
I'd rather see the president dead
It's never been said
but I set precedents and the standards
and they can't stand it
My name should've been bastard
the shit should've been plastered
on my forehead with a stamp
I should've been blasted
I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass
but I'm too swift and fast
for that lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
You still love me?
Take this. 
You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! 
The more you put me through
The more it makes me wanna come back to you
You say you hate me I just love you more
You don't want me I just want you more
I buy you flowers you throw 'em at me
I know it's sad but it's making me happy
The more that you slap me the more that it turns me on
Cause you love me and I love you more.
It's sick but who could ever predict
We'd be doin' the same shit
We say we do it for our baby but we don't
We do it for us it's lust
Cause neither one of us trusts each other
So we fuck 'til we bust
Then we cuss each other out
We know what it's about
Shout 'til I throw you out the house
You throw me out the house
I throw you on the couch
Punch you in the mouth
Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT
And apologize after
Laughter pain it's insane
We're back in the same chapter again
And it's sad but it's true
When I'm layin' here with you
There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do.
Cause I hate you do you hate me?
Good cause you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry
It makes me wanna just take you
And just throw you on the bed
And fuck you like I don't even know you
You fuck other people and I fuck other people
You a slut but I'm equal I'm a mutt
We're both evil in our ways
But neither one of us would ever admit it
Cause one of us would have one up on the other
So forget it
We can make accusations people spread rumors
But they ain't got proof
'Til they do it's just the two of us
It's you and me cause any chick can say that she's screwin' me
But you gotta believe me to a degree
Cause true indeed if you didn't I wouldn't be hittin' it
Yeah I would cause the sex is too damn good
If I ran who would I run to
That would be this soft and warm
So it's off and on usually more off than on
But at least we know that we share this common bond
You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on
I hope the only reason that I cope
Is cause of that fact
And plus I can bust in that
And that's why...
I could never understand it
That's why I don't try
From junior high until we both die
It's silly ho why must we try
Is it really so rough
That we must always call each other's billy goat's gruff
Try to pull each other's legs
Until the other begs
We're liein' to ourselves
That's the beauty of it yeah
Cause we truly love each other
That's why we always fight
And all we do is shove each other
Every other fuckin' night
And it's clear it ain't gonna change
It's pent up rage
We both have
We both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else
We've both been
Someone else's someone else
Problem is neither one wants help
It's an addiction and it can't be fixed
Our family's mixed up
There's a baby sister in the mix
And it hurts cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit
And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit
And they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time
On every song every lyric and every rhyme
All the hoopla all of the whoopdy whoop
What you put me through fuckin' whoopdy doo
But I won't be made a fool of
If this is true love
You wouldn't do what
You did last time
You wouldn't screw up
This time
Cause this time girl
I'm telling you what
You do it again I'm fucking you up
No matter what...
What you say what you do
I'ma hunt you down 'til I find you
No matter where you run I'll be right there
Right behind you in your nightmares
All the flowers and the candy
All the times that you threw it back at me
You told me you hate me you're gonna hate me more
When you find out lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Once you call my name out things will never be the same....
They should have never let us get off foot in this game...
Ever since I was introduced to rap music
I been missing a screw like Bishop and Juice
I could lose it at any moment
Those who know me know it
So they're probably told you go with the flow
Just so that I don't explode
And have another episode where I let it go as far as
The one with Benzino did I'm waiting for that next beef
I'm cocked locked and loaded
I'm ready to go so bad I'm going bananas
My dick's so hard Anna Nicole could use it to fucking pole vault with
Oh shit I mean when she was still bloated
Before they cut her stomach open and lipoed it
Anybody I throw flames at gets a name it's a game
Cause they know that they don't spit the same
It's a shame what people do for 10 minutes of fame
Everyday it's the same thing
People in this game try to buddy buddy us
Just to get close enough to study us
Everybody just wants to have something to do with that
They all trying to get that stamp
They after that Shady - Aftermath money
It's like a monopoly
They probably just now finally understand how to rob fully
50 Cent was like a fucking jackpot for me
And Dre it's like we hit the fucking lottery
And a damn slot machine at the same time as each other
Why the fuck you think we ride like we brothers
When we rhyme with each other
In time we discovered that we have more in common
Then we thought with each other
Both robbed of our mothers
Our fathers ain't want us
What was wrong with us was it our fault
Cause we started thinking god doesn't love us
Two odd motherfuckers who just happened to meet at the right time
What a coincidence cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica Queens
I still remember the call up in ??
Big L had just got popped just a month before
If 50 lives he's getting dropped from Columbia
Two years later me and Doc had to come and uh operate
That's when he popped up a number one
And we ain't never gonna stop if you wond-ering
Even if I'm under the gun
You ain't gotta agree all the time with me
Or see eye to eye there'll always be animosity between you and I
But see the difference is if it is I could give a shit
Still gonna conduct motherfucking business as usual
Ego's aside fore I bruise em' all
Swallow your pride fore I step on it with shoes you call Nike's
Earth links how do you like these you gotta love them
Look at the bottom of em' they're like cleats
Stomping I been romping since Tim Dogg was hollering
'Fuck Compton'
I was whilin' lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
WHOOOO!!!
Hey how you guys doin.
You want more?
Alright then SHUT UP!!!
Shoobeedoo 
Shoobeedoo 
Shoobeedoo 
Shoobeedoo Shoobee Snoobedeebeebop
Girl (girl girl girl)
Your My World (world world world)
Your My Girl (girl girl girl)
Your my world lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Ow ow oww
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit oh yeah
Fack fack faaaack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming
I never seen no shit like this
This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist
Condom on my dick
Of course it is
This bitch don't know what abortion is
So I can't cum in her
Fucks like a porn star
Looks like Jenna
Fack I'm gonna
Cum
I think my rubbers coming off
But oh it's so fuckin' wet and soft
Fuck I'm gonna start letting off
I'm squirting and she's not getting off
And she's on top
I'm gonna fucking oh God
Oh don't do that
Don't stop
Stop don't I don't mean don't stop
Ah Wait a minute
Oh ohh fack
I'm gonna fucking cum
Ow ow oww
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming
Oh wow oh aww
I need a cigarette now
Oh I'm so fucking hot and you're so fuckin' hot
Oh my God
I wanna facking fack
No not fuck
I said fack
F A C K F A C K
Fack fack fack facking freak me
Oh yeah girl see baby
They call me Mr. Freaky
Let's call your sister threeway
Have some threesome
Me so horny
And you're such a fuckin' babe
I wanna go down on you
Fack you shave
Oh God damn
Here I go again
I'm gonna cum I am
Ow ow oww
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin' cum
Oh shit oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am
I'm going to cum
I'm cumming
Okay I'm done
I already came twice
You ain't gonna make me cum
I'm all out of gas
Not so fast
Ah Your finger just went in my ass
Ahh that hurts take it out now
Oh wait a minute put it back in
In in in
This don't mean I'm gay I don't like men
I like boobs
Boobs boobs
Now See that gerbil
Grab that tube
Shove it up my butt
Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole
Oh yeah right there right there
Uhhh I'm cumming
Oh yeah
Fack I just came again
Ok pull it out now
Oh fuck yeah
Wait he's not out
He's still crawling around up there
Oh fack I think it's stuck
Oh but it feels so fucking good
Ow ow oww
Oh God damn
I'm gonna fackin'cum
Oh shit oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Whatever...
Dre just let it run
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
Aiyyo... this song is for anyone... fuck it
Just shut up and listen aiyyo...
I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this - on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensing these sentences
Getting this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully ...
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
Do not come and speak to me ...
I don't know you and no
I don't owe you a motherfucking thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty ...
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm lifting you 10 feet ... in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you ...
I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be it's just me
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am
Sometimes I just feel like my father
I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense it's constant
And "Oh it's his lyrical content -
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me ...
So I point one back at 'em but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn ... and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see an upper class city
Having this happening ...
Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way ...
But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burning and I have returned
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
I don't know it's just the way I am
I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on 
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
That got me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience ...
To deal with these cocky Caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk
With an accent and grab on my balls so they always keep asking
The same fucking questions ...
What school did I go to what hood I grew up in
The why the who what when the where and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out
'Cause they driving me crazy ... I can't take it
I'm racing I'm pacing I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit in the bathroom
Without someone standing by it
No I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole I'm glad
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't then why would I say I am?
In the paper the news everyday I am
I don't know lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hi! My name is...  My name is... 
My name is...  Slim Shady
Hi! My name is...  My name is... 
My name is...  Slim Shady
Ahem... excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?
Hi kids! Do you like violence? 
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? 
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? 
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? 
My brain's dead weight I'm trying to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate 
And Dr. Dre said 
Uh-uhhh! 
Well since age twelve I've felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady wait a minute that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a fuck God sent me to piss the world off!
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in Junior High
Thanks a lot next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of papers 
Walked in the strip club had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender then stuck my dick in her tip cup
Extraterrestrial runnin' over pedestrians
In a space ship while they screaming at me: 
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do 
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her 
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans 
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph
(Dude can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave thanks for the support ASSHOLE!'
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! 
Dr. Dre don't just stand there OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave it's too scary to die 
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive 
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka - dare me to drive? 
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide 
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk 
I spit when I talk I'll fuck anything that walks 
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breast feed me mom? 
You ain't got no tits! 
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head 
I'm steaming mad 
And by the way when you see my dad? 
Tell him that I slit his throat lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad it's not so bad
Dear Slim I wrote you but you still ain't calling
I left my cell my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways; fuck it what's been up? Man how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too I'm bout to be a father
If I have a daughter guess what I'mma call her?
I'mma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too that shit was phat
Anyways I hope you get this man hit me back
Just to chat truly yours your biggest fan
This is Stan
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad it's not so bad
Dear Slim you still ain't called or wrote I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
You didn't have to but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you
For four hours and you just said 
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fucking idol
He wants to be just like you man he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
You would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither;
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
So when I have a shitty day I drift away and put 'em on
'Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real and I respect you 'cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growing up
You gotta call me man I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours Stan
P.S.
We should be together too
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad it's not so bad
Dear Mister I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word. I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim I drank a fifth of vodka you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins 
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning
But didn't then Phil saw it all then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late. I'm on a 1000 downers now I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I love you Slim we coulda been together think about it
You ruined it now I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See Slimóshut up bitch! I'm trying to talk!
Hey Slim that's my girlfriend screaming in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat I just tied her up. See I ain't like you
'Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more and then she'll die too
Well gotta go I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit I forgot how'm I supposed to send this shit out?
[*car tires squeal crash loud splash*]
My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray but your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad it's not so bad
Dear Stan I meant to write you sooner but I've just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now how far along is she?
Look I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clowning dogg
C'mon! How fucked up is you?
You got some issues Stan I think you need some counseling
To help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself I think that you'll be doing just fine
If you relax a little I'm glad I inspire you but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Look if you had one shot or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted. In one moment
Would you capture it or just let it slip?
Yo
His palms are sweaty knees weak arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already mom's spaghetti
He's nervous but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs
But he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down
The whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth but the words won't come out
He's choking how everybody's joking now
The clock's run out time's up over blaow!
Snap back to reality. Oh there goes gravity
Oh there goes Rabbit he choked
He's so mad but he won't give up that
Easy no
He won't have it he knows his whole back's to these ropes
It don't matter he's dope
He knows that but he's broke
He's so stagnant he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo
This whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him
You better lose yourself in the music the moment
You own it you better never let it go 
You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
You better lose yourself in the music the moment
You own it you better never let it go 
You only get one shot do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime 
The soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king as we move toward a new world order
A normal life is boring but superstardom's close to postmortem
It only grows harder homie grows hotter
He blows. It's all over. These hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows he's known as the globetrotter
Lonely roads God only knows
He's grown farther from home he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water
His hoes don't want him no more he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds
I suppose it's old partner but the beat goes on
Da da dum da dum da da da da
No more games I'mma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfucking roof off like two dogs caged
I was playing in the beginning the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhyming and stepped right into the next cypher
Best believe somebody's paying the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my 9 to 5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie there's no Mekhi Phifer this is my life
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder
Trying to feed and water my seed plus
Teeter totter caught up between being a father and a primadonna
Baby mama drama's screaming on her
Too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot another day of monotony's gotten me
To the point I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfucking option failure's not
Mom I love you but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
So here I go it's my shot.
Feet fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got
You can do anything you set your mind to lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Shady Aftermath
(Look at that bitch! Ha yeah!)
There she goes shaking that ass on the floor
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losing control
Get buzzed get drunk get crunked get fucked up
Hit the strip club don't forget ones get your dick rubbed
Get fucked get sucked get wasted shit faceted
Pasted blasted puke drink up get a new drink
Hit the bathroom sink throw up
Wipe your shoe clean got a routine
Knowing still got a few chunks on your shoestring
Showing I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated
I was revibed as soon as this bitch gyrated
And hips and licked them lips and that was it
I had to get Nate Dogg here to sing some shit
Two to the one from the one to the three
I like good pussy and I like good trees
Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe
And I get more ass than a toilet seat
Three to the one from the one to the three
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessy
I've been to the motherfucking mountain top
Heard motherfuckers talk seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo ass I'm gonna continue to rock
Get your ass off the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close cause strobe lights lie
We 'bout to have a party 
Let's get it started 
I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it popping baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say every day she be giving it up
Shake that ass for me shake that ass for me
Come on girl shake that ass for me shake that ass for me
Oh girl shake that ass for me shake that ass for me
Come on girl shake that ass for me shake that ass for me
I'm a menace a dentist an oral hygienist
Open your mouth for about four or five minutes
Take a little bit of this fluoride rinse
Swish but don't spit it swallow when I finish
Yeah me and Nate D-O double G
Looking for a couple bitches with some double Ds
Pop a little champagne and a couple Es
Slip it in her bubbly we finna finna have a party
Have a party 
Let's get it started 
I'm looking for a girl I can fuck in my hummer truck
Apple bottom jeans and a big ol' butt
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I want a bitch that sit at the crib with no panties on
Knows that she can but she won't say no
Now look at this lady all in front of me sexy as can be
Tonight I want a slut would you be mine?
Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine
Now I hope you don't get mad at me
But I told Nate you was a freak
He said he wants a slut hope you don't mind
I told him how you like it from behind
Shake that ass for me shake that ass for me
C'mon girl shake that ass for me shake that ass for me
Oh girl shake that ass for me shake that ass for me
C'mon girl shake that ass for me shake that ass for me
We 'bout to have a party 
Let's get it started 
I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say every day she be giving it up
There she goes shaking that ass on the floor
Bumping and grinding that pole
The way she's grinding that pole
I think I'm losing control
God come on
I ain't leavin' without you bitch
Coming home with me
And my boy and his boy and his boy and his girl
Ha ha lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing it's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone cold and he don't care
He's a problem child
What bothers him all comes out when he talks about
His fuckin' dad walkin' out
'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him so he socked him back and broke his nose
His house is a broken home there's no control he just let's his emotions go...
 sing with me  sing for the years
 sing for the laughter sing for the tears 
Sing it with me just for today maybe tomorrow the good Lord'll take you away...
Entertainment is changin' intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy only have one homie
Only this gun lonely 'cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate I guess words are a motherfucker they can be great
Or they can degrade or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you attorneys all want a turn at you
To get their hands on every dime you have they want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously so I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political if my music is literal and I'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't I wouldn't be fit to you're full of shit too Guerrera that was a fist that hit you...
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you  and cock it too
Well if it can then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self we just explain it and then we get our cheques in the mail
It's fucked up ain't it
How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing
Except for a dream and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize their favorite rappers and know all their songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in their eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it squeeze it and hold it
'Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
two trailer park girls go 'round the outside 'round the outside 'round the outside
Guess who's back back again
Shady's back tell a friend
Guess who's back
guess who's back
guess who's back
guess who's back
guess who's back
Guess who's back...
I've created a monster 'cause nobody wants to
see Marshall no more they want Shady I'm chopped liver
well if you want Shady this is what I'll give ya
a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker than a
shock when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not cooperating
when I'm rocking the table while he's operating 
you waited this long now stop debating 'cause I'm back
I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me so let me see
they tried to shut me down on MTV but it feels so empty without me
So come on dip bum on your lips fuck that
cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
FUCK YOU DEBBIE!
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis
they start feeling like prisoners helpless
'til someone comes along on a mission and yells 
A visionary vision is scary could start a revolution polluting the air waves a rebel
so just let me revel and bask in the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
and it's a disaster such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass you ask for me?
Well I'm back 
fix your bent antennae tune it in and then I'm gonna
enter in and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting
Testing 
feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance who sent you sent for me?
A tisk-it a task-it I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit that shit.
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards and Moby
you can get stomped by Obie you 36 year old bald headed fag blow me
You don't know me you're too old let go it's over nobody listens to techno
Now let's go just give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope suspenseful with a pencil ever since
Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting but it's just me I'm just obscene
Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Step by step heart to heart left right left
We all fall down...
Step by step heart to heart left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit torn apart we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it my crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter
I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit I tried to squash it it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy this shit went way beyond some Jay-z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
It wasn't my intentions my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin'
And that was just out of respect for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out this just wasn't my beef
So I did I just fell back watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over t.v. down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Like fuck it i understand this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute cause
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em mash 'em and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Well fuck it that motherfucker can get it too fuck him then
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us strictly to show they support us
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
To have Runyan Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered
It ain't worth it I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Then to just say that I love ya'll too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all before I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
If ya'll can quit poppin' off at the jaws lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here..
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door
And started whooping her ass worse than before
They first were divorced throwing her over furniture 
It's the return of the... "Ah wait no way you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead he's locked in my basement! 
Feminist women love Eminem
"Slim Shady I'm sick of him
Look at him walking around grabbing his you-know-what
Flipping the you-know-who.Yeah but he's so cute though!"
Yeah I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's going on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel don't they?
 Well some of us cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes 
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
 But if you feel like I feel I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose sing the chorus and it goes
'Cause I'm Slim Shady yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up please stand up?
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records;
Well I do so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me let alone stand me
"But Slim what if you win wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo Shit Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah he's cute but I think he's married to Kim hee-hee!"
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD 
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you 
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk talk and act like me
It just might be the next best thing but not quite me!
I'm like a head trip to listen to cause I'm only giving you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it  I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums
It's funny; 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurses asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King spitting on your onion rings
 Or in the parking lot circling
Screaming 
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time loud as you can how does it go?
Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey what daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
What you crying about?
You got me.
Hailie I know you miss your mom and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone but I'm trying to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad even when you smile even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes deep inside you want to cry
'Cause you're scared I ain't there?
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying wipe them tears
Daddy's here no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it we gon' do it
Lainie Uncle's crazy ain't he?
Yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins when it swirls
When it whirls when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled in a daze
I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move mamma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as daddy that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then of course everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
But no more worries rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream
Now hush little baby don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy pretty baby
But I promise mama's gon' be alright
It's funny
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
'Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
'Cause daddy felt like a bum see daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and mom
And at the time every house that we lived in
Either kept getting broken into and robbed
Or shot up on the block and your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryna start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurts so bad it broke your mamma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and dad was arguin' a lot so momma moved back
On the Chalmers in the flat one bedroom apartment
And dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre
And flew you and momma out to see me
But daddy had to work you and momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing daddy on the T.V. and momma didn't like it
And you and Lainnie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rollin' stone momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sitting in this empty house just reminiscing
Lookin' at your baby pictures it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow I guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
Lainnie I'm talkin' to you too daddy's still here
I like the sound of that yeah
It's got a ring to it don't it?
Shh mama's only gone for the moment
Now hush little baby don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up little lady I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know mommy's not here right now and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Meet Eddie twenty-three years old.
Fed up with life and the way things are going
he decides to rob a liquor store.
("I can't take this no more I can't take it no more homes")
But on his way in he has a sudden change of heart.
And suddenly his conscience comes into play...
("Shit is mine I gotta do this.. gotta do this")
Alright stop! 
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence 
I'm your motherfuckin conscience
That's nonsense!
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay 
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with Renee's razor blade
Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk she's older than George Burns
Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?
Man don't do it it's not worth it to risk it! 
Not over this shit  Drop the biscuit 
Don't even listen to Slim yo he's bad for you
("It's alright c'mon just come in here for a minute")
("Mmm I don't know!")
("Yo it's gonna be alright right?")
Meet Stan twenty-one years old. 
After meeting a young girl at a rave party
things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again his conscience comes into play... 
Now listen to me while you're kissin her cheek
and smearin her lipstick I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe..
(Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her that's not fair)
Yo look at her bush.. does it got hair? 
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man ain't you ever seen that one movie _Kids_?)
No but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!
(Shit you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that hit that shit raw dawg and bail..
[pickup idling radio playing]
Meet Grady a twenty-nine year old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work
he walks in the door of his trailer park home
to find his wife in bed with another man.
Alright calm down relax start breathin..
Fuck that shit you just caught this bitch cheatin
While you at work she's with some dude tryin to get off?!
FUCK slittin her throat CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!!
Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit?
Alright Shady maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy
Okay! Thought about it still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did be smart don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??!
What'chu say? 
I'ma kill you motherfucker!
Uhhh-aahh! Temper temper!
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there done that.. aw fuck it...
What am I sayin? Shoot em both Grady where's your gun at? 
[gun fires is cocked lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones - there you go
Yeah... yo yo
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have; I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfucking kid that's behind
All this commotion emotions run deep as ocean's exploding
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep going
Not taking nothing from no one give 'em hell long as I'm breathing
Keep kicking ass in the morning and taking names in the evening
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See they can trigger me but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now; I bet ya probably sick of me now ain't you mama?
I'mma make you look so ridiculous now
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet 
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
Ha! I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they thrown me inside my coffin and close it
I'mma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum selling CD
I was a baby maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
'Cause he split I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No I don't. On second thought I just fucking wished he would die
I look at Hailie and I couldn't picture leaving her side
Even if I hated Kim I grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human but I'm man enough to face them today
What I did was stupid no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets outta that gun
'Cause I'da killed him; shit I would've shot Kim and him both
It's my life I'd like to welcome y'all to 
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet 
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissing
But put yourself in my position; just try to envision
Witnessing your mama popping prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitching that someone's always going through her purse and shit's missing
Going through public housing systems victim of Munchhausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up now I blew up it makes you sick to ya stomach
Doesn't it? Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me Ma?
But guess what? You're getting older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growing up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's getting so big now; you should see her she's beautiful
But you'll never see her - she won't even be at your funeral!
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch do your song - keep telling yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
You selfish bitch; I hope you fucking burn in hell for this shit
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well guess what I am dead - dead to you as can be!
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet 
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet
I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry; but tonight
I'm cleaning out my closet 
I said I'm sorry mama!
I never meant to hurt you!
I never meant to make you cry lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Down down down down down down down down down down!
OK..
Guess who's back?
Back again
Shady's back
Tell a friend
Whaaaaaaaa
Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor
Alright Stop!.....Pajama time
Come here little kiddies On my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap?
And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child molestation accusation
No worries papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise?
I done touched on everything but little boys
That's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God dip do a little slide
Bend down touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bunghole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know who'd hear it?
Give a little  it's OK! 
Oops my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
Just lose it
Go crazy
Oh baby
Oh baby baby
Well it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way to Sunday
Maybe 'til Monday I dunno what day
Everyday's just a holiday
Crusin' on the freeway
Feelin' kinda breezy
Got the top down lettin' my hair blow
I dunno where I'm goin'
All I know is when I get there
Someone's gonna touch my body
Excuse me miss I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair?
Spit on me maybe gouge my eyes out? 
Now what's your name girl?
What's your sign?
 "Man you must be up out your mind"
DRE! 
Beer Goggles! Blind!
I'm just tryna unwind now I'm
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
Just lose it
Go crazy
Oh baby
Oh baby baby
It's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was running butt naked
Down the street screaming
Well I'm sorry I don't remember
All I know is this much
I'm not guilty
They said "Save it boy we gotcha you on tape
yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch my body!'"
Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real intense no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Snap back to reality
Look it's B.Rabbit!
Yo you signed me up to battle!?
I'm a grown man!
Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie
I don't have any lines to go right here so chubba teletubbie!
Fella's  Fella's 
Grab you left nut make your right one jealous 
Black girls
White girls
Skinny girls
Fat girls
Tall girls
Small girls
I'm callin' all girls
Everyone report to the dance floor
It's your chance for a little romance or
Butt squeezin' it's the season
Just go 
It's so appeasin'
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
Just lose it
Go crazy
Oh baby
Oh baby lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah...
It's my life...
My own words I guess...
Have you ever loved someone so much you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression no literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy look what I made" Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play Hailie baby your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song this song ain't gon' write itself
I'll give you one underdog and you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady yeah baby Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...
And when I'm gone just carry on don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing
So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone just carry on don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing
So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...
I keep having this dream I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby Daddy ain't leaving no more. "Daddy you're lying.
You always say that you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more Daddy you're mine."
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"Daddy please Daddy don't leave Daddy no stop it!"
Goes in her pocket pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture "This'll keep you safe Daddy take it with you."
I look up it's just me standing in the mirror
These fucking walls must be talking 'cause man I can hear 'em
They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right and it's tonight.
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late."
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage they're gone and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...
And when I'm gone just carry on don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing
So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone just carry on don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing
So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...
Sixty thousand people all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy it's me help Mommy her wrists are bleeding."
But baby we're in Sweden how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you Daddy you told me that you weren't leavin'.
"You lied to me Dad and now you make Mommy sad.
And I bought you this coin it says 'Number One Dad'.
That's all I wanted I just wanna give you this coin.
I get the point. Fine. Me and Mommy are going."
But baby wait.
"It's too late Dad you made your choice.
Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us."
That's what they want they want you Marshall
They keep screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep just take another pill
Yeah I bet you you will. You rap about it yeah word k-keep it real
I hear applause all this time I couldn't see
How could it be that the curtain is closing on me?
I turn around find a gun on the ground cock it
Put it to my brain scream  and pop it
The sky darkens my life flashes
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes
And burns to ashes
That's when I wake up alarm clock's ringin' there's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swinging
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say
And when I'm gone just carry on don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing
So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone just carry on don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing
So baby lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
 Bad Boy baby
 Yeah.. yeah..
Junior M.A.F.I.A. yeah..
 Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon..
The weak or the strong who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke - gun smoke gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor the rap slayer
The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face;
take her Gucci bag and the North Face 
off her back jab her if she act
funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya I just want the paper
The Visa kapeesha? I'm out like 
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho I got so
much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up  niggaz need to wake up
Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms hit the skins til amnesia
She don't remember shit! Just the two hits!
Her hittin the floor and me hittin the clits!
Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was  and 
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said 
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big you're dead wrong)
When I get dusted I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer I'm more ruthless huh
Leave your toothless you'll kibbitz I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me - my potency is deadly
I'm shootin babies no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick I stabbed her brother with the icepick
because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
but Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it!
Hardcore I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya til you're gushy so please don't push.. me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon got the little hookers screamin
Because you know I love it young fresh and green
with no hair in between know what I mean?
 Ladies and gentlemen..
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads
human sacrifices canibalism; candles and exorcism
Animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that I kick the habit - I just
beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin meat looks fresh
I got a line in my pocket I'm lyin I got a nine in my pocket
and baby I'm just dyin to cock him
He's ready for war I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz' as heavy as yours yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread red on the wall
red on the ceilin red on the floor get a new whore
Met on the second lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I'll sit on you
Da da da da da da
I'll sit on you
I will sit on you
I'll sit on you
Girl you know it's true
I'll sit on you
Bitch or man
I'll sit on you
I will sit on you
I remain fatter than gluttony
Taping bombs to the back of record companies
Blow them up if they ain't want me
The National Guard they scared to hunt me
I love beef; I got you hoes duckin me
A drug thief bitch I'll take your marijuana
These slugs with keep your ass away from my corner
I drown niggas in hundred degree saunas
You can act a fool if you wanna 
It's this lyrical piranha
Strapped with a grenade in the pool with your mama
Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom
Twist nothin up like a condom
Slap it if you fuckers got a problem
When I see them you hoes ending up in a fuckin mausoleum
Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM
Pull in the garage while you screamin
Keep the motor on then I'm leaving 
I'll shit on you!
I will bajs on you I don't care who you are
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
Fuck your house fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
Fuck your wife fuck your kids fuck your family
I'm a alcoholic with the fucking toilet
Pass the hot dogs 
Bitch shut your fucking mouth
I'm a keep eating 'till Richard Simmons comes to my house
With a chain saw to cut me out
My fuckin' wife
I haven't had sex since I met her
I'm to busy fucking your 12 year old baby sitter
And all women ain't shit
Only good for cooking cleaning
And sucking dick and that's it 
I was responsible for killing John Candy
I got Jonbenet Ramsey in my Ninety Eight Camry
I don't give a fuck who you are
I'll shit on anybody
Truly yours the idiotic Bizarre
My adolescent years weren't shit 'till what I do now
I never grew up I was born grown and grew down
The older I get the dumber the shit I get in
The more ignorant the incident is I fit in
Ignoring the shit how boring it gets
When there's no one to hit
I don't know when to quit throwing a fit
I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me
It's they who raised me and say the can take me
It's they who legs I brake and make achy
It's they who mistake me and make me so angry
 I'll spit on you
Start pissing and do the opposite on you
You weren't listening I said I'll cop a squat on you
Start spilling my guts like chicken cordon blew and
Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch
On his skit on his last album
Pull my pants down and...
Is Richard Pryor still alive?
If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dying 
Born brainless this steel ain't stainless
Your bloodstains are all over this steel God dang-it
Bitch bring it these niggas that I hang with
Will hang you up naked by your ankles dangling
My need I stay strangling
I don't need your help
If you gon' give me the pussy
I'll un-loosen my belt 
I'll punch your daddy not your mom's kinda cock
Your sister tends court your aunt supply her rocks
Buck fifty cross your neck
Floss your teck I'll beat you with it across your chest
It's only right I jack your car keys and run
Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns
For fun when I'm drunk
I'll run a truck through the weed house
Jump out and beat your peeps down worst than Steve Stout
Put you in chokeholds I learned last week
From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep
(Hey hey hey!)
I see hoes biting y'all don't wanna brawl
That's like D-Bo fightin Peablo Bryson 
So what you hollering and yelling about
I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fucking skeleton out
Niggas get hit with a two piece 
With a poisonous sting
I'm such a violent thing
Once I get on two hits of X
My disk slips and disconnects
'Till I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck
But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects
(C'mon I'll Shit On You!)
Over reaction is my only reaction
Which only sets off a chain reaction
And puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action
A rat pack in black jackets who pack ten
Nine millimeters lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish I only talk about jewels
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
That same dude you gave nothing I made something doing
What I do through and through and I gave you the news with a twist it's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade you been afraid
I penetrate pop culture bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they
pop toasters and they live with their mums
Got dropped roasters from botched robberies niggas crotched over
Mummy's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked
No he's not around now how that sound to ya jot it down
I'll bring you through the ghetto without riding round
hiding down ducking strays from frustrated youths stuck in their ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothing relate to it?
I help them see they way through it not you.
Can't step in my pants can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your shirt.
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it within a minute
Cause see they call me a menace and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't then ya'll swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics?
Who could inherit the title put the youth in hysterics?
Using his music to steer it sharing his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference they're saying 
Maybe it's hatred I spew maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America
as a motherfucking drug addict like you didn't experiment?
Now now that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
and see yourself as a kid again and you get embarrassed
And I got nothing to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fucking do-gooders - too bad you couldn't DO-GOOD at marriage!
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
Cause here we go he's {Jigga durra Jigga da chk Jigga}
And I'm the sinister Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the..
RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything  anything  RENEGADE!
Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at any given time of day
Cause I'm a  Never been afraid to holler
about anything  anything 
I had to hustle my back to the wall ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lot of lint not a cent
Gotta vent lot of innocent of lives lost on the project bench
What you hollering? Gotta pay rent bring dollars in
By the bodega iron under my coat feeling braver
Doo-rag wrapping my waves up pockets full of hope
Do not step to me I'm awkward I box leftier often
My pops left me and often my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me I wasn't growing especially on nights
I brought something home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much only raisin greener
Raising my fingers to critics raising my head to the sky
Big I did it multi before I die 
No lie just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight.
See I'm a poet to some a regular modern day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
as a monger of hate Satan and scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case see it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the ladder a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat they can be mad at today
See it's as easy as cake simple as whistling Dixie
while I'm waving the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons take a bath with the Catholics
in holy water no wonder they try to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfucking spiteful delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do?  I'm just a kid from the gutter
making his butter off these bloodsuckers cause I'm a motherfucking
RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything  anything  RENEGADE!
Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah!
God damn!
Feels like a long time don't it?
Did you miss us?
We missed you!
Shady Narcotics
It's the Re up!
Pussies
And we're back
Myself 
D12 
50 cent 
Obie Trice 
Stat Quo 
And I would also like to introduce. . .
The two newest members of the family
One goes by the name of Bobby Creek 
The other goes by the name of Ca$his  lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Stat Quo Obie Trice Bobby Creekwater Ca$his)
Shady we're back
Nothin' can stop and nothin' can change it
you better just make new living arrangements
if you think your the top and king of the castle
You about to get thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole
All I hear is I'm best at this an I'm best at that
but I don't hear my name No man brought up in rap
and I don't usually trip or dare get caught up in that
but when they say one of the best I'm nowhere thought of as that
Not even the same league as Jay-Z
Nas Pac Biggie or maybe they'll name me
Somewhere down at the bottom right after AZ
or say "he ripped that Biggie verse or that Jay-Z
Yo his verses were crazy on that Renegade beat
but I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady
And I all I hear is pop tunes come on the rad-i-o
And they play 'em 20 times in a row daily"
And that very well may be the same reason they don't say me
when they speak on hip-hop legends which has amazed me
Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream
and make it big-big-big-big-b-baby
So maybe the 80's made me crazy I been tryin' to get my weight
up since the A Slim Shady gave me the gate key paid the ways
So lately mind state's get better each day replay my relay race
when I was chasin' the a fey at 18 8 years later his voice in Beijing
no choice I chase cream so..
Shady we're back
This is what I eat sleep breath an feed my kids whatever I feel my family needs
I treat the mic like the block fought with my rocks an squeeze critics who expect me to under achieve
I just deal with the hate I receive I rollin' back my sleeves ? show other bree with bran wrapped to
his knees?
An tell him suck my dick take a bow an leave with a sack full of amar cheese I found it hard to believe
Who the bullet perceive to be G's an claim there runnin' shit nigga I run me
An as a kid teacher said I had a mouth on me that same mouth got me the deal with Dre and E
Folk in the hood asking where I be dawg I'm out in Hawaii don't like it drink my pee
Record songs for the Detox LP feet don't fail heat niggas got me bent like cranberry and bellvee?
I'm gonna die wealthy boss of the game what the fuck they goin' tell me A-Town's own tre Aftermath Shady
Shady we're back
Y'all market y'all own block they see me ???? that rap game's an old flame my nigga I want 'em back
Like mic check pimp for what it's worth I got the right knit sittin' here excited by some shit that
ain't right yet
No regret live by a cold June no bot y'all niggas won't be satisfied 'till I show ?? go out on the
limb with Em 'cause I'm with him put a barrel to they apparel to you an some of them
Stand a chance at the dance without a bowtie Shady Records re-introduced you niggas to multi so
hot all the light that they given me an the haters like a chauffer because it's have driven me
To a view with a vendetta I am the epitome I don't give a fuck about you nigga I'm just livin' me
We the reason for the season so I'm just breezin' through the track nigga
Shady
I can prove I'm here to do somethin' you never do from hand to hand coke sales for my revenue
I ain't been to a bucks an why I ain't snuck a weapon through there's no
background reveals a 1-8-7-2 'till the block I'm the truth to the cops I'm the proof
And if a nigga's still out there you just gotta shoot I carry over my street ethics to the booth
In the Shady crime fam Al Capone in his youth the difference between me an you I already done an
lived the street life niggas run away from it you follow my life in the Midwest blunted pitchfork's
held high 4 5th by the stomach you find me right now on the C.A. streets I'm on the roof of the
building shootin' at police some of the homies feel opposition can't kill me I'm gonna walkin' obituary
death live in me I take life through the pen by the way I'm see I'll have you raped in the pen like
American meat
I'm connected gettin' weight from MS-13 with SK's AR's an Mini-14's I'm Ca$his the last of
the real were strapped on Prozac B's and E pills it's the rap got the block on tip 2 ???? of crack
I'm in the light dark contract Shady's back nigga
Shady we're back
Ha lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
 Yeah we should do something like that...
Boom boom chuck boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck Yeah that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck b-boom Shady!
There's never been this much of a menace in this game as this
And it's the most sinister duo in the business
Once again its the illest and realest killas
The most villainous Dre protege Shady apprentice
Drop them zeros and get with these heroes
Do you want losers or winners this music is in us and it's
Not over 'till we say it's finished and G-Unit spinners
Will keep spinnin' this is Hip Hop when it's in it's
Truest form the greatest Hate us or love us
Make voodoo dolls of us and keep stickin' those pins in us
Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is
The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is
And as sick as his music is or was still is
Whatever forever he will be the illest
To ever sh-shock the world what to do next
He's already reconciled with his ex  a chainsaw and an axe
Jump a bitch's desk strangle her neck
While we have sex while Bill Clinton plays the sax
I sprays the vex yeah bring Shady on back
The maniac of rap devil baby on crack
Resurrect I never left baby I'm bad
I've gone mad my comrade Dre-zy automatically
He says I'm too broke to fix way beyond that
I may be off drugs but it's made me off track
In fact this right here very well could be the last rap
I ever do spit I'll never do shit that's that
Fuck it I quit suck on a dick jackass
I'm done with this wack ass rap kiss my black ass
Nah Em tell 'em to kiss my black ass to clean parts to shitty parts
My bullet wounds my beauty marks the Fif'll tell you're ass apart!
A game in this game crush a motherfuckers free start
Shady paid me Shady crazy Fifty crazy rich bitch
Different day nothing change it's the same shit trick
Teflon wrapped on case I get clapped on
D's searching the whip glad I left the mac home
Still grindin' still shinin' nigga lord knows
You rocking wit the kid to spit sicker sick flows
I carried Game's style for nine months and gave birth to it
Now I'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it
E'eryday Dre day front and cause a maylay
Turn the town upside down with a frown upside down
I smile through summan' fowl and watch my money pile
I'm fuckin' with strict stacks I'm kickin' you stripped fats
I hit you with it bag it pump it bring me mines right back!
Boom boom chuck boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck Go 'head funky funk up!
Boom boom chuck boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck Yeah that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck I hit yo' ass up!
Boom boom chuck boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck Yeah that's what's up! 
Boom boom chuck boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck 
Shady lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. 50 Cent Lloyd Banks Ca$his)
 Yeah...
Who run it?
You know you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know
You know you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Now homie I say I run it  cause I'm in control
Hypnotic Hennessey a couple shots of Patron
I have you feeling aight I get you high as a kite
Party popping shawty says she coming with me tonight
I ain't shoulder leaning I ain't snapping and popping
Either I'm bobbin ma head or I'm just standing their watching
I'm a hustler I hustle you can tell that I'm paid
And I protect what I got I'm in the house with my blade
Nigga you front you gone get it OK now maybe I said it
Cause I want you to triddy yeah I be on that shitty
You should see when I'm stunting I flash the stones to be wanting
Push the whip see me rolling you can tell that I'm holding
I'm just doing ma thang you know the Units the game
I got my grimy Shady with me you front you gonna have to get me off your ass
I pay the lawsuit and laugh 
It's not a big deal it's nothing but some cash 
Who run it?
You know you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
When me and Fif got together to do this music
The more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it
It's no pretend shit it's friendship me nemesis is su nemesis
Ain't for him it's just media see to them it's just images
But this shit is no gimmicks this is blood in and blood out
When there's beef you jus' gotta know when to butt in and butt out
If there's a problem we solve it if we don't resolve it
It usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved in it
We should all get a merit this much beef we inherit
And wear it like a badge with honor pass it around and share it
And let it go to whoever's holding the most current beef on their shoulders
And their soldiers got their backs 'til it's over
But tonight we ain't coming here to beef with nobody
We came to party Banks Cashis and Mr. Ferrari
So it's Shady Aftermizat back in that ass you wizzass
Come hizzon what kinda fuzukin quizition is that
[Chorus: 50 Cent Eminem]
Who run it?
You know you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
I say you know you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Pistol play ricochet see where the victim lay
Slumped over bleeding J.F.K
Hays K to your chest plate cave
I ride to the death do you rep that way?
Forever ima be a Shady 7-4 gangsta
Plus I survive everything you got in that chamber
I thrive off of danger jumping in all beef
You keep talking shit now the squad called me
Enough holding back the steam Em let off a magazine
Dappadon Cappa queen mixed in with Cashis creams
Started off with half a dream developed into what you see
Telling ain't my cup of tea can't tell I'm a fucking G
I'm on automatic when I'm at it start static
And you splattered shit shattered I'm a walking bitch magnet
Spit it how I live it live it all the way to the limit
And I'm always on my pivot for my digits you dig it?
Who run it?
You know you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo sho
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo sho
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know who this is
Shady G-Unit Aftermath
Lloyd Bands Cashis Marshall Mathers Ferrari F-50
It's a movement you can't stop it
Talk of New York lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
My enemies crack corn but I don't care
You can be black white or a albino yeah
You can have corn rows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head
A little bit psycho but I know that
Think you just don't say it then I won't say it
See if you don't brag then I don't brag
I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit
You can just keep making them tired old threats
A little bit like the boy you cried wolf yeah
See me but don't dare to try no shit
Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers
A rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast
Like lightning bolts right out the sky go *blah
From outta nowhere you might find your career
Come to an *err and I'm just like 
See us on them award shows we're like 
Can we get more of those they're like 
See us keep blowing up we're like 
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos I'm like 
See me right up close you're like 
And where is D12 at they like 
And where the fuck we going we're like 
Jealous little fucks beg for my attention but
I done told you once I'm not the kind of attention you want
If I tell you twice then I won't be so nice
If you keep coming back that only means you know you lost the fight
They wanna talk shit let em talk shit cause they talk shit
Knowing deep down they really just wanna squash it
Cause no one wants to walk around stepping in dog shit
And get doo-doo on the shoe again soon as they washed it
But the pride won't let em inside's like 'go get em'
And I'm just like 'Why your tryna fight momentum'
We just keep winning by landslides oh and umm
Shady Limited's in any size yo Denim
To velour even our clothing line's on fire
As 50 would say 'Our clothing line's on Fiya'
Meanwhile your minds on us like mine's on Mariah
And y'all is just like her you're all fucking liars
But I just keep fucking you like I fucked her
Right in the ass with KY yes sir!
So full of joy boy am I absurd
Even Chingy would tell you
'Yea boi don't curr'
See us on them award shows we're like 
Can we get more of those they're like 
See us keep blowing up we're like 
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos I'm like 
See me right up close you're like 
And where is G-Unit at they like 
And where the fuck we going we're like 
Ya homie got clapped on man I don't care
The cops in my Nana crib but I'm not there
It is what it is dogg man life's not fair
Ya friend should've know not to front round here
Listen kid where I'm from the wolves smell fear
They'll strip yo ass of your jewels right here
Man I'ma say this one time now get this clear
Man you can catch a hot one like outta no where
A beautiful day without drama is rare
Ya girl's a freak man sometime we share
Yeah I wear a condom and you go bare
You prolly heard about me I'm a shown up player
In the hood politicin like I'm running for mayor
riding winding dining and shining know what I'm saying
I ain't got time for fucking around and horseplaying
I'm making hits my homies taking hits who's staying
See us on them award shows we're like 
Can we get more of those they're like 
See us keep blowing up we're like 
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in the videos I'm like 
See me right up close you're like 
And where is D12 at they like 
And where the fuck we going lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Big Proof rest in peace dudey we love you
We just wanna keep making you proud heh...
My life is trapped in these lines
Thats why I'm packing these nines
I got a rap i ain't diein'
Thats in the back of my mind
Got a strap made of iron
Cant relax on this grind
Bending over backwards for these slackers
Til I'm snapping my spine
Natural high...i gotta focus
On these bogus pochers
Looking over my shoulder
Proof get it poppin like show'd a hold up
WE NOTHING BUT SOLDIERS!!!
SLOW UP!
THIS GUN IS LOADED!!!
ROLL UP!
THEY BEEF 'N WE LEAVING 'EM COKED UP!!!
If Em say it i spray it
If he will it i kill it
We kilpatrick 'n ill it
Yo Detroit know i can feel it
Will at this gun on my waiste-line
At war we don't waste time
Blow up magic cant take a punch
And fifty can take 9 
We got schoolcraft here at the seven-eight and dexter
I'm up 'n holla spending dollars ain't feeling no pressure
Yes suh' lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I sense someones tapping into my phones why do
I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon
The F.B.I might be tryin to pull my file soon
I might be walking blind fold into a typhoon
I might be seeing rockets light up the night sky
Right outside of the window of my living room
And if they do you can say goodnight and bye bye to them itunes
If I don't try to record as much before I do
The plan is to have as many in the can as I can
As I stand before you in this booth a walking deadman
Blank stare dead pan look as my face as I gaze into space
As I wait to be scooped up in that van
Mysteriously disappear into thin air
And they gon' say a sniper just appeared out of no where
And I'll go down in the history as the blood sucking leech
Who hid behind the freedom of speech
Tryed to take the fifth amendment use it twist it and bend it
And ended up dying to fill out in the heros splinters 
The business way to end this I can feel the tremors tremendous
In remembrance of september 11
Flash back to september 7th
When Tupac was murdered in Vegas
He said that he predicted his own death
Let us never forget it or should we ever live to regret it
Like the day John F Kennedy was assasinated in broad day
By a craze lunatic with a gun
Who just happened to work on the same block in a library book depository
Where the President would go for a little friday stroll
Shots fired from the grassy knoll
But they don't know or do they?
Whos they for them to say Touch©
Where all vunerable and it's spooky
This is about as cookey as I've ever felt now
Count down to Nuclear Meltdown
7 6 5 4 3 2 lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Obie Trice Bobby Creekwater)
Shady Aftermath
BTOV
There she goes shaking that ass on the floor
Bumpin and grindin that pole
The way she's grindin that pole
I think I'm losing control
Bobby Creek
I'm on the patron
In the end I'm gone
My eyes ain't clear
I'm gone
So she hear me wrong
I'm kinda in the zone
Cause the DJ playin' my song
Just another opportunity for sayin' I'm known
I'm from Atlanta
So southern ain't just part of my grammar
I can up and cock the hammer
For any nigga
But I came here to get on goose and tropicana
Get loose put some more of my juice
In your caboose
Sippin everything from white grain
To deuce juice
With nothin' to gain
But my grace and loose tooths
Eminem came Obie stat and proof too
Bobby creek is in the place
The name is snoop too
My drinks is 10 around
I can make her spin around
If she keep her dinner down
Simmer down
We can hit the telly when the fun stops
And I hit you in ya ?
Come sip on my gumdrops
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessey
I've been to the muthafuckin mountain top
Heard muthafuckers talk seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo ass I'm gonna continue to rock
Getcha ass of the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close cause strobe lights lie
We bout to have a party 
Let's get it started 
I'm lookin for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are bout it bout it
I'm lookin for a girl
That will do whatever the fuck
I say everyday she be givin it up
Shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
Come on girl shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
Ohh girl shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
Come on girl shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
Obie Trice!
One slug
Couldn't snuff young cuz
Goodness gracious
Haters stay on these nuts
Just like a hood rat chick who was curious
Serious
Full breast ready to touch
Who's that in the cool blue back
With a new rag
Givin' head while he poppin' the clutch
True I had a few
Obie rollin' with brews
Annually knockin' the boots
It's on manual
The way I knock em outta they shoes
Talk a little shit
Then they anus'll ooze
Talk a little spit on my ding-a-lang
Who
It's shady
You know the name of the crew
You know the aim is to bang you
In the mansion
With a magnum
With a night pass to the matinee
Obie
Came to party
You better ask somebody
Shake that ass for me shake that ass for me
Come on girl shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
Ohh girl shake that ass for me
Shake that ass for me
Come on girl shake that ass for me lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
In my mind I'm a fighter my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid my flow sparks it right up
Arsenic writer author with arthritis
Carpel tunnel Marshall will start shit-itis
Hard headed and hot headed bull headed and pig headed
Dick headed a prick a big headache I'm sick
Quick witted for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics
Who wait for me to slip with it so quick
This dynamite stick buried the wick it's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly
Do not tell me to stop yelling when I stop selling I quit
So stop dwelling and I am not failing
You fuckers are not ready 'cause I got jelly like  pot belly
This is Destiny yes money I'm off running
So get off of me I'm not slowing or softening
No apologies nah suckers I'm not sorry
You can all sue me y'all could be the cause of me
No apologies y'all feelin' the force of me
No remorse for me like there was no recourse for me
No apologies not even acknowledging you at all
'til I get a call that god's coming
No apologies laugh fuckers it's all funny
I can spit in ya face while your standin' across from me no apologies
My head hits the pillow a weeping willow I can't sleep a pain so deep it bellows
But these cellos help just to keep me mellow hand's on my head touched knees to elbow
I'm hunched over emotion just flows over these cold shoulders are both frozen you don't know me
I keep saying it I can't stress it enough so keep playing it and stand next to the subs
I choke mic's like asphyxiation when I'm stranglin' my own throat masturbatin'
Fuck yeah I'm a basket case and I mastered this rap shit 'til my ass gets wasted 'til my assassination
'Til I'm slain 'cause of some fag's infatuation
44 mags a fascination a taste for disaster and if that's the case then...
This song isn't for you it's for me a true MC
It's what it do just to see if he still has it
And if his skills mastered
He's able to spill raps long after his killed that's a real MC
Got you feelin' me whether willing or unwillingly
You still agree as long as there's still this hunger and will in me
Then expect a longer life expectancy
I'd be a savage beast if I ain't have this outlet to salvage me inside
I'd be exploding soaked in self loathing an mourning
So I'm warning you don't coax me
It's silly I'm really a sheep in wolf's clothing
Who only reacts when he gets pushed don't be fooled
The press blows up this whole thing it's stupid
They don't know 'cause they don't see that I'm wounded
All they did was ballooned it
I'm sick of talkin' 'bout these tattoos cartoon did
That's why I tuned it out I'm sick of dukin'
And they can suck my dick while I'm pukin' and you too you can
Expect no sympathy from me I'm an MC
This is how I'm supposed to be
Cold as a G lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Morning Marshall.Morning doc.So we're discharging you today how are you feeling?Anxious.Anxiety?Well anxious to get home anxious to get back into the world. Nervous.Nervous? C'mon Marshall you're a big boy now. Sounding like a bit of a baby you can do this. You found a sponsor yet?"
"Um not yet. I mean but when I get backWell if you find one you find one. If you don't you don't.Well yeah I mean I godda start going to meetings first and... Wait what?Well you don't absolutely have to go to meetings and it's not like like a requirement that they fit into your schedule we know you're a busy person."
"Um well I know I godda start practising the steps and I mean learning them and start being able to apply them.Steps?"
"Yeah steps.There's a lot of them aren't there?  "Well twelve."
"Christ I don't even know them all.Really?"
  "Um well I mean the only other question I have was like what do I do if I find myself in a situation where maybe somebody is drinking around me or something like that and I get tempted to?"
    "Take a drink and you know take the edge off."
"Take the edge off? Man if I ever take a drink I already know what that's gonna lead me to.What you mean these?" 
"Man what the fuck! ?Marshall what's the matter darling? Having some doubts already? Marshall you can't leave me you'll never leave me Marshall. We'll always be together Marshall. Marshall... ? Marshall! ?  "No no no no lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Oh oh oh oh oh ooh
There is no escaping....
There's no place to hide....
You scream 
But they don't pay no mind...
Goodbye!
You're walkin' down a horror corridor
It's almost 4 in the morning and you're in a
Nightmare it's horrible
Right there's the coroner
Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya
You're a goner he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea he just saw you run
All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party applauding it
Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowing a klonopin while I'm nodding in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada inn holdin' on to the pill bottle then
Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom and make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me Dead bodies behind the counter shit
Guess I must have just blacked out again...
Not again!
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em 
I said...
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em 
Sitting nude in my living room it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfin' every channel until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the Aloe and lanolin
Bust all over the wall paneling dismantlin' every candle
On top of the fireplace mantle and
Grab my flannel and my bandana then
Kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in
I'm just a hooligan who's used to usin' hallucinogens
Causin' illusions again
Brain contusions again
Cutting and bruisin' the skin
Razors scissors and pins
Jesus when does it end?
Phases that I go through
Days that I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who
Gave these molecules to
Me what am I gon' do?
Hey the prodigal son
The diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter them
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em 
I said...
It's 3 A.M. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed em 
She puts the lotion in the bucket it puts the lotion on the skin or else it gets the hose again
She puts the lotion in the bucket it puts the lotion on the skin or else it gets the hose again
I cut and I slash slice and gash
Last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun of a half pint of a jack
My last Vic and a half
A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December I think it was I was havin' drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights pushed him into the stinkin' tub
Cut him up into pieces and just when I went to drink his blood
I thought I oughta drink his bath water that oughta be fun
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me that might be an artery son
Your blood curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 A.M. and here I come so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here man there's got to be one
Oh no there's probably none he can scream all that he wants
Top of his lungs lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yo yo alright i'm gonna lay the chorus first
Here we go now.
My mom loved valium and lots of drugs
And that's why I am like I am cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved valium and lots of drugs
That's why I on what I on cause I'm my mom.
My mom my mom I know you're probably tired of hearing about my mom Oh ho! Whoa ho!
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty and how I became hooked on va-al-ya-hum
Valium was in everything food that I ate The water that I drank fucking peas on my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak So everyday I have at least three stomach aches
Now tell me what kind of mother would want to see her
Son grow up to be an under a undera-fuckin-chiever My teacher didn't think I was going be nothing either
What the fuck you sticking gum up under the fucking seat for?
Mrs. Mathers your son has been huffing ether Either that or the mother fuckers been puffing reefer
But all this huffing and puffing wasn't what it was either
It was neither I was buzzing but it wasn't what she thought Pee in a tea cup?
Bitch you aint my keeper i'm sleeping What the fuck you keep on fucking with me for?
Slut you need to leave me the fuck alone I aint playing
Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra.
My mom love Valium and lots of drugs That why I am like I am cause I'm like her
Because my mom love Valium and lots of drugs That why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom.
Wait a minute this aint dinner this is paint thinner You ate it yesterday I aint hear no complaints did I?
Now here's a plate full of pain killers now just wait till I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes you little mother fucker ill make you sit there and make that retarded fucking face without even tasting it you better lick the fucking plate you aint wasting it Put your face in it before I throw you in the basement again
And I aint giving in your gonna just sit there in one fucking place spinning again till next thanksgiving and if you still aint finished it I use the same shit again then when I make spinach dip it will be placed into shit you little shit want to sit there and play innocent A rack fell and hit me at k mart and they witnessed it child support your father he aint sent us shit and so what if he did that aint none of your dang business kid.
My mom there's no one else quite like my mom I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high what I'm high on cause.
My mom love Valium and lots of drugs That why I am like I am cause I'm like her
Because my mom love Valium and lots of drugs That why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom.
My mom loved Valium now all I am Is a party animal I am what I am
But I'm strong to be finished wit' me val-ium spinach But my buzz only lasts about two minutes
But I don't wanna swallow it without chew'in it I can't even write a rhyme without you in it
My Valium my vaaa-eh-elll-liummmmm maaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnn.
Man I never though that I could ever be A drug addict nah fuck that I can't have it happen to me
But that's actually what has ended up happenin a tragedy
I'm fuckin passin it up catchin me And it's probably where I got acquainted with the taste ain't it?
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb mom beautiful She killed the fuckin dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed it a fuckin aspirin and say that it has a headache
Here want a snack you hungry you fuckin rat Look at that it's a Xanax take it and take a nap
Eat it but I don't need it well fuck it then break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up all right Ma you win I don't feel like arguein
I'll do it pop it gobble it and start wobblin Stumble hobble tumble slip drip then I fall in bed
With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead.
My mom love Valium and lots of drugs That why I am like I am cause I'm like her
Because my mom love Valium and lots of drugs
That why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom.
My mom i'm just like her My mom my mom my mom 
My mom my mom my mom my mom my momma
Meh mommeh eh likah momma. Ha ha sorry mom still love you though Dr. dre 2010 lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I was born with a dick in my brain yeah fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead?
After I fuck you in the butt get some head Bust a nut get some rest
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I bet you he's fakin' it
I bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this of course unless you object"
"Ah go fuck his brains out if any's left in his head"
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!
 Naaw fucker tried to bite my face off I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw!
Then he took the chainsaw bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face let the thing pop
Took his eye out picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong!
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah maniac that's Shady dog
Man that motherfucker's gangsta ain't he dog?
Shady dog what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours
Say no more what the fuck you waitin' for sing along
If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? NO! He's insane!
Don't you know what felch means?  well then tell me Would you rather get felched or do the felching?
Fuck him in the ass suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp belch then go back for a second helping Can you dig what I'm sayin' man can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me 
Fuck a little puppy kick the puppy while he's yelping 
I don't know help me! What the fuck's happening I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy I care about your well being" No Dad I said no
I don't need no help peeing I'm a big boy I can do it by myself see!
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me She showed me a movie like 
But it was X and they called it 
"Well this is called ass rape lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Ohh it's music to my ears
Oh man how can I describe the way I feel?
Fuckin' great man
Okay let me see how could I begin?
Locked in Mariah's wine cellar all I had for lunch
Was bread wine more bread wine and Cap'n Crunch
Red wine for breakfast and for brunch
And to soak it up and in between snack crackers to munch
Mariah whatever happened to us?
Why did we have to break up? All I asked for was a glass of punch
You see I never really asked for much
I can't imagine what's goin' through you mind
After such a nasty break up
With that Latin hunk Luis Miguel
Nick Cannon better back the fuck up
I'm not playin' I want her back you punk
This is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk
Mixed with Egyptian with a little rap and punk
Zap and Eric Clapton shaft brings Abba crunk
And yeah baby I want another crack at ya
You can beat me with any spatula that you want
I mean I really want ya bad you cunt
Nick you had your fun I've come to kick you in your sack of junk
Man I could use a fresh batch of blood
So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture
Bagpipes from Baghdad
When will it ever cease for Pete's sakes he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
What's goin' through my mind half the time
When my rhyme are blowin' up my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Somebody turn the 'Vacancy' sign on 'cause I'm gone blowin' up my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets and act like a mad man holdin' a glad
You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture
I'm the miracle whip a trickster
My signature sound when the tube of lipsticks surround
I'm bound to put it on in an instant wow man
What an ensemble what an assortment of pharmaceuticals
This beautiful pill dust in my palm
Cuticles get residue just from touching the bottle
Never knew I could remind me so much of my mama
I cut you like Dahmer pull a butcher knife on ya
The size of a sword boy I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja
Get it stuck in your cornea nice knowin' ya Norman
You're so fuckin' annoyin' drop the shovel boy
You don't know what the fuck you're doin'
I ain't playin' no fuckin' more
Nick Cannon you prick I wish you luck with the fuckin' whore
Every minute there's a sucka born
Snuck up on Malakai and made the motherfuckers suck
On a shucka corn
Shucka shucka corn shucka corn
Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and told him it's fuckin' on
Now what the fuck are ya doin'? You're runnin' over the snow blower
With the lawnmower blowing your bagpipes from Baghdad
In the bed with two brain dead lesbian vegetables
I bet you they become heterosexual
Nothin' will stop me from molestin' you
Titty fuckin' you 'till your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles
Is what they said to the two conjoined twins
"How's it going girlfriends you need a boyfriend?"
You need some ointment just set up an appointment
Who's gonna see the doctor first we'll do a coin flip
I just got my one year sobriety coin chip
When the bad get goin' how bad does the goin' get?
Baby you shouldn't have any trouble rubbin' groins with
Each other especially when you're joined at the hip
I'm goin' to get the needle and thread from the sowin' kit
And attempt to separate 'em and stitch them back at the loins shit
Knew the little boy with the chocolate chips ahoy chip
Cookie looky lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hello  allow me to introduce myself
My name is Shady
So nice to meet you
It's been a long time sorry I've been away so long
My name is Shady
I never meant to leave you
You see that chick in the gym checking me out?
Any second I'm bout to stick her neck in my mouth
I lose a pill and I'm wrecklessly wrecking the house
That was suppose to be breakfast where the heck is it now?
Here's the necklace I lost right next to Stephanie's blouse
Man I should check to see if my mom left any out
Nope guess I'll re-route
Maybe somewhere in the depths of your couch
Oh! Jackpot! Yea 'Open Sesame' mouth
Down the hatchet the feeling you can't match it
A rap-tap-tap on your door with the damn wratchet  with a damn hatchet
A nap-sack-packed with like 40-some Zan-exs
Shorty come back I'm trying to score me some lapdances I'm bout to relapse so maybe pour me some Jack Daniels
Formula 40-40 and 40s with mad capsules
The bad apple spoils the bunch and back at-ya
Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello
And are you menstruating baby my little friend's waiting to say Hello
The way your titties are wiggling and your booty shaking like Jello
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello
My equilibrium is off must me the Lithium I don't need to buy any drugs man people give me 'em It just becomes everyday extracurriculum No reason in particular it was strictly fun
A fifth of rum and two bottles of 151 51 people asleep in my damn living room
Scuse me hun? But what is your name   next to ya naked and uh did we umm?
Of course we did but didn't I strap Jimmy hun? I'm looking for the torn wrapper but there don't seem to be one
No offense baby girl I don't mean any harm
But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from  and I'm cool
I immediately run like Speedy Gon- Zalez to see if I see anyone
Who might have a couple of threes I'm fiending for some My head is pounding to the beat of the drum
Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow?
Some are oval and some are pink some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello
Oh those were the days they certainly were
It's hurting me to know that I'll be closing that curtain for good
(Word-word chi-word-word chi-word-chi-chi-word)
I second that and a third rush to emergency surgery to try to flush me because of the drugs that he purged
 the three-hundred bucks for these Perc-adins
Buster's getting to be where he lustfully surged it in
Pain it hitting his knee and his muscles 'be hurting him'
Tirelessly on the phone trying to rustle up muscle relaxants for his back and a couple of packs
Since now he's doubling back-wards and he stumbling back
Slipped and fell hit his back-bone heard something go crack
Now he's up in the bathroom like he's busting a nap
Almost ended it that soon because of the fact I'm just busting my own chops while I'm bustin a rap
Resuscitated and re-juiced so fuck it I'm back
And so I'm saying...
Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say Hello
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow
Some are oval and some are pink lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hey! hey stop hey. please stop fuck stop!
Thank god you stopped.
Fuck my fucking on star isn't working  I left my fucking phone at home! 
God I've been standing out here for like an hour I'n soaking wet freezing
Thank you so much. really lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yo... Same song and dance Damn girl everywhere I go Same song and dance 
I like the way you move! All over the globe Same song and dance Something about it man 
Same song and dance In the Pale Moonlight Yo... 
I'm lookin' at ya yeah girl Your kind of tookin' back by The whole rapper thing aren't ya? 
Probably thinkin' you'll get slapped so dang hard ya Won't even be able to stand up straight aren't ya?
Couple rape charges people think you're a monster 
The police constantly buggin' ya non-stop I walk up on ya well hello Tonya 
I think ya got your OnStar button inside your car stuck.
You outta gas do you gotta flat? 
I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat I got your back 
Why don't you put your laundry basket in the back
And sit up front not askin' it's a trap 
You just got jacked and body snatched and it's a rap
In broad day with no mask for this attack I heard 'em say exact opposites attract
If that's a fact it'll take task force to get ya back
C'mon 
Yeah baby do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
Girl shake that ass You ain't ever gonna break that glass
The windshields too strong for you I said yeah baby sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
You sexy little thing Show me what you got give it your all
Look at you bawl why you cryin' to me?
Same song and dance... 
The first victim I had she was a big one Big movie star a party girl big fun 
She was the girl the media always picked on In and out of rehab every 4 to 6 months 
She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts
And Nickelodeon flashed her little kids once
What an event it was
I was sitting in front I was hooked in it the first glimpse of them buns
Seen her back stage now here's where I come in son
Look here she comes I better pull out the big guns
Hello Lindsay you're looking a little thin hun 
How bout a ride to rehab get in cunt
Starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want 
Girl I'm just kidding let me start over again hun
See what I meant was we should have a little intervention
Come with me to Brighton let me relieve your tension 
You little Wench ya murder wasn't my intention If I wanted to kill you it would of already been done
Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her With sixty-six inches of extension... cord. 
Yeah baby do that dance It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
Girl shake that ass You ain't ever gonna break that glass
The windshields too strong for you I said yeah baby sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
You sexy little thing Show me what you got give it your all
Look at you bawl why you cryin' to me? Same song and dance... 
My second victim was even bigger then the first
Pop star icon the whole works 
She played a little schoolgirl when she first burst
Upon the scene and seen that the world was hers
She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts
It irked me and made me mad at first I lashed out through my songs but what was really going on 
Was that I had developed a crush I just didn't know how to tell it to her... 
Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her?
Send her pictures of my collections of skeletons of footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk? 
We'll settle this once and for all I'mma tell her at dusk Tonight tonight is the night and tell her I must 
Creep up to her mansion in stilettos and just climb the gate and ring the bell like hello my love
I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up!
Now would you like to share a pill or two with me?
I'll share my valium with you cause I'm feelin you Britney! 
I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent 
I've been feeling you ooh ooh girl you sexy little gal you
Hold that pill any longer it'll get sentimental value
Come-on toots give me the valium alleyoop... 
I'll slam dunk it in your mouth til you puke
And just as soon you pass out in your alphabet soup I'm 'bout to make a new outfit out of you
New outfit? Shit I'll make a suit out of you 
Shoot! Now show me how you move baby do how well ya do 
Yeah baby do that dance
It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
Girl shake that ass
You ain't ever gonna break that glass
The windshields too strong for you I said yeah baby sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
You sexy little thing
Show me what you got give it your all
Look at you bawl lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Guess who? Did you miss me?
Jessica Simpson sing the chorus!
When you walked through the door it was clear to me 
You're the one who they adore who they came to see 
You're a rockstar 
Everybody wants you 
Player!
Who could really blame you? 
We're the ones who made you!
Back by popular demand
Now pop a little Zantax or antacid if you can
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand
How does it feel: Is it fantastic is it grand?
Well look at all the massive masses in the stands
Shady man no don't massacre the fans
Damn I think Kim Kardashian's a man
She stomped him just 'cause he asked to put his hands
On her massive gluteus maximus again
Squeeze it and squash it and pass it to a friend
Can he come back as nasty as he can?
Yes he can Cam don't ask me this again
He does not mean to lesbian offend
But Lindsay please come back to seein' men
Samantha's a two you're practically a ten
I know you want me girl in fact I see ya grin
Now come in girl!
The enforcer look at the more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and Charlie-horse her
Sorry Portia but what's Ellen DeGeneres
Have that I don't? Are you tellin' me tenderness?
Well I could be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then
Nail her maybe say 
Brit forget K-Fed let's cut out the middleman
Forget him or you'll end up in the hospital again
And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
Forget them other men girl pay them little attention
And little did I mention that Jennifer's in love with me John Mayer so sit on the bench
Man I swear them other guys you give 'em an inch
They take a mile they got style but it isn't Slim
And that's why my love you never live without
I know you want me girl
'Cause I can see you checkin' me out
And baby you know you know you want me too
Don't try to deny it baby I'm the only one for you
Damn girl I'm beginning to sprout then Alfalfa
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out?
You think that's bad you should hear the rest of my album
Never has their been such finesse and nostalgia
Man Cash I don't mean to mess with ya gal but
Jessica Alba put a breast in my mouth bruh
Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis
Lord help us he's back and in his pink Alf shirt
Lookin' like someone shrinked his outfit
I think he's bout to flip Jessica
Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya
Can you blame me? You're my Amy I'm your Blake
Matter fact make me a birthday cake
With a sawblade in it to make my jailbreak
Baby I think you just met your soulmate
Now break it down girl!
So baby baby
Get down down down 
Get down down down 
Get down down down 
Get down get down 
Get down down down 
Get down down down 
Get down down down 
Get down lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Oh my goodness What have I done  I can't believe it
It's like... I've got the whole world
In my palm And I'm ready to drop bombs...
Welcome to the slim shady mecca Rebecca
It's the village in new york right next to the try decca
It's my sector homosexual dissector
Come again rewind selector
I said nice rectum I had a vasectomy hector
So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually reck ya
Hannibal Lector into guy sex and I bet ya I tantalize ya in the less than five seconds I get ya
They said once bitten n twice shy
We lie next to the guy
With nine ecstasy pills and five extra
Boxes of ripped condoms and quantities why yes sir I took the rest of the lunester pills from my dresser
It's my kinda vibe what else shud I try lester
Drop kick the bitch before the second trimester
Performed a home abortion with dexter the 
Dig her fetus out with a wire hanging then digest her
I guess it's time for you to hate me again Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end The world is just my medicine ball your all in
I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end My medicine ball your in my medicine ball friends
All my west side bitches throw it up Put a balloon inside your pussy... queef and blow it up
Man I think that he just fell off the teeth and showing up
So you better change the station
To keep from throwing up Man you seen it all before your all too familiar with it
There's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it
You know you with it girl don't front oh no you didn't I won right by the pussy cat dolls when call you kitten
I'll pee on rihanna see man I do what I wanna
Spray perfume in the sauna room
crazy glue in Madonna to The lazy boy so called fold her in two and sit on her
Imagine if visual for that man Who would've thoughta
Could ever be such a relentless prick
And leashin his fingers  For the chicks who waltz
She looks like she outlived her life sentence I never meant this rhyme to be so offensive
If you ) so defensive it wouldn't be
Your so sensitive
I guess it's time for you to hate me again Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball your all in
I said I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end
My medicine ball your in my medicine ball friends
Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
Kick it up and push him and lead him right into quick sand
Here you need a hand... big man... grab hold of this branch
With both hands man they don't understand I'm just a sick man
Now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault his name rhymes with so many different words... jeeze
So one last time lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah yeah Follow me follow me
Come with me to the dark side of the force
No man would boldly go to this place
The devil only knows of this world so dark
And oh so cold it's oh so cold oh so cold oh!  
Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya Girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
Stay Wide Awake 
A world so dark
A world so cold
A world where only some will go
But not return when will they learn
Were do they go god only knows
Stay Wide Awake
Fe fi fo fum I think I smell the scent of a placenta
I enter central park it's dark it's winter in December I see my target with my car and park it and approach a tender
Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend to befriend her
Sit down beside her like a spider hi there girl you mighta
Heard of me before see whore your the kinda girl that I'd
Assault and rape and figure why not try to make your pussy wida
Fuck you with an umbrella then open it up while the shit's inside ya
I'm the kind of guy that's mild but I mite flip and get a little bit wilder
Impregnate a lesbian girl now lets see ya have triplets and I'll
Disintegrate them babies as soon as that out her with formalda-
Hide and cyanide girl you can try and hide you can try to scream louder
No need for no gun powder that only takes all the fun outta
Murderin' I'd rather go vrim! vrim! and now you see just how the
Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp uh
Shit wait a minute I mean skull my knife seems dull
Pull another one out Uh! 
Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya
Girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark Stay Wide Awake
A world so dark
A world so cold
A world where only some will go
But not return when will they learn
Were do they go god only knows
Stay Wide Awake 
So dark and so cold my friends don't know this other side of me
There's a monster inside of me it's quite ugly and it frightens me
But they can't see what I can see there's a vacancy in my tummy
It's makin' me play hide n' seek like Jason I'm so hungry
She's naked see no privacy but I can see she wants me
So patient see I try to be but Gee why does she taunt me
Pulls the drapes and she goes right to sleep
And I creep right through the front see
So blatantly but silently cuz I know that she's sound asleep
Who's wakin' me so violently and why is he on top of me
He's rapin' me she try's to scream somebody please get him off me
He's tapin' me he's biting me he's laughing likes it's funny
She's scrapin' me she's fightin' me she's scratching like some dumb freak
Escapin' me no dice ya see I might just be Ted Bundy
Or Satan gee what a site to see I'm dancing in my red panties
I'm crazy but it's alright with me man life can be so empty
Stay away from cuz I'm dancing to quite a different drum beat
Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya
Girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark Stay Wide Awake
A world so dark
A world so cold
A world where only some will go
But not return when will they learn
Were do they go god only knows
Stay Wide Awake
Better try to stay wide awake or you might be found dead by the lake
Soon as you lay me down to sleep bitch your soul I'm a try to take
Pray for light today right away why do they try to fight today
I must make them pay twice as much might as well put the knife away
Now I use power tools how 'bout now are you in the shower
Scour you for 6 hours till outage your power outlets
How did ya figure out I was down in your basement now ya
Must of just heard the sound of my stomach growlin' from down there
Power there's no one fowler bound ya the tub they found ya
Face down in the tub I drown you with piles of downers around ya
Such nostalgia and power such prowess look how you cower
Jumped out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' star wars
Jabba the Hut be di bye bye be di bye bye it's time to die die
Ought to not even bother to scream it don't even matter
Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya
Not your everyday Damien bath me in holy water
Melting like Son of Sam so please understand there's no gun in hand
Where's the thrill in a hunt there's no fun in that here I come with axe
Once I act like lumberjack when I'm hackin' him up with that
What was that dial 911 someone's comin' in from the back
Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
Boy you think you're clever don't ya
Girl you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
Stay Wide Awake
A world so dark
A world so cold
A world where only some will go
But not return when will they learn
Were do they go lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Good evening! This is your fucking captain speaking
We will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet 
That's eight million miles in the sky
Please undo your seatbelt for takeoff
You are now free to smoke about the cabin 
I'm Dre from back in the day from NWA from black and the gray from 
Choking a bitch to smacking her face from
Stacking up bodies to 
Racking their kegs up from Racking a bitch to
Stacking them crates up 
I'm still hungry 
And I'm back with a tapeworm 
And we was happening and rapping and tame at me 
Shady for us competition  Faggot There ain't none 
Speak of the devil  It's attack of the rain man 
Chainsaw in hand blood stain on my apron 
Soon as the blade spun run they run away from
 Who wanna play dungeon? 
No one is safe from  In search of a brain surgeon 
A great one 
Wait the day ain't funny man  It's urgent 
I need one 
Two boxes of detergent and a paint gun 
And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1 
So one more time for old time's sake 
Dre drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way And let's go 
You are now smoking with the best  
Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon wireless
A nice environment 
Surprised entirely hypnotized by the sound I surround the hydrants 
Taking lives of firemen Say goodbye here I am again Naked wives and vicadin 
Before I begin to get so high; pussy boy I could spin Fin fin 
Fuck the handle I fly off the hinge Let that boy off the bench coach and throw it to him 
There he goes in his trench coat no clothes again 
Baby make us some French toast and show us some skin 
I show you every inch grows of my foreskin 
Show me nipple I pinch throw up and throw up a ten 
Now you know it's a sin to tease blow us again 
The sorcerer of intercourse - if it's forced it's him 
Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within 
And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain 
So one more time for old time's sake
 Dre drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go You are now smoking with the best 
Now where there's smoke there's fire Where there's fire there's flames 
Where there's flames there's chronic
Either you high or you ain't 
I got no time for no games Nah uh he ain't playin'
He's gonna get the AK and aim it right at your brain I'm slightly insane Vodka and kreatine Hypnotic and red bull 
It's an incredible energy drink And it's given me wings I believe I can fly 
While I pee on a girl You won't catch me CSI It's as easy as pie 
And as simple as cake Dre get on the mic and make them dribble and shake 
Now put your smoke up in the air And raise your henny and coke 
And if you really wanna get fucked up just let me know
We can smoke till there's no more lighter fluid to do it
Lets get into it You smoking with the triest and truest 
I got the Midas touch When it comes to rolling shit up
You motherfuckas ain't smoking 
You just holding shit up Now here we go
Let's get up get down hold up a blunt 
I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one
Cuz if at first you don't succeed won't hurt to smoke some weed
Now them words are just a little more personal for me
Seeing is how I blew up off of puffing them trees Well puffing ain't enough for me 
Fuck yeah light it up Cheech come on Smoke me out cuz
Give me contact buzz 
Get me on track They love me when I'm on that stuff
But this earth calling Shady man come on back 
Man we're losing him; he won't even respond back  
Now look at all the pretty women in here 
Dre it's hot 
I think we better go check on their temperatures I give them the thermometer 
You get the bandages Now baby just bend over
This won't hurt a damn bit 
And give me one more time for old time's sake Dre drop that beat and scratch that brake 
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best  
I said one more time for old time's sake Dre lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yea (oh oh) yea yea oh
I feel like dancing I feel like dancing
I smell something in the air that's making me high
I said I smell something in the air that's making me high
 do-re-me-fa-so-fa-so-la-ti-da-so
Lyrical Roscoe kick back a Tabasco
You motherfuckers must just not know the tic- toe so
Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos
Picasso with a pick-axe a sick asshole
Tic-tac-toe 'cross your six- pack with X-acto
Knives stranglin' wives with thick lasso
Big bags of the grass Zig Zags I'm with the Doc so
You know how that go- skull and the cross bones
This is poison to boys and girls who do not know
You do not wanna try this at home my little vato
This is neither the time nor the place to get macho
So crack a six-pack sit back with some nachos
Maybe some popcorn watch the show and just rock slow
It's not what you expected nor what you thought so
'Bout time that you wake the fuck up smell the pot smoke
It must be the ganja it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind
I said it's the ganja it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind
Your dreams are getting fulfilled ooh I'm literally getting a chill
Spitting at will me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill
Your submitting to skill sitting still I'm admitting I'm beginning to feel
Like I don't think anyone's real
Faced with a dilemma I can be Dahli Lama
And be calm or bring drama step beyond a Jeffery Dahmer
Please don't upset me mamma yer lookin' sexy mamma
Don't know if it's the la-la or the rum and Pepsi mamma
Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer
Be used as extra topping next time I make a pizza
How many people you know who can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row?
Put 'em in chronological order beginning with Jack the Ripper
Name the time and place from the body the bag the zipper
Location of the woods where the body was dragged and then dumped
The trunk that they were stuffed in the model the make the plate
And which model which lake they found her and how they attacked the victim
Say which murder weapon was used to do what in which one?
Which knife and which gun what kid what wife and which nun?
Don't stop I like this it's fun the fuckin' night's just begun
When I'm behind the mic dynamite's what it's kinda like
You're stuck with the same stick that your tryin' to light
Behind the boards sits Dre legends are made this way
Isn't it safe to say this is the way it should be?
Maybe you need some lyric serum syrup for your symptoms
Here's a dosage of the antidote now you give him some
He can give her some she can give them some get behind a Linn Drum
Make up a beat and cure the sucker syndrome
The spinnin' drum when it comes to lyrics and pennin' some
Starting from scratch and then ending up at the endin' of
Capable of winning a Pulitzer so unbelievable it's a
Titanium cranium that's full of sur-
Prises when the smoke rises right before your very own eyes
You stare into your stereos high
Good evening lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Mr. Mathers... Mr. Mathers can you hear my voice? OK he's not responding
I'm gonna need an 18 gauge left AC right away Uh BP is 90 over 12 respiration's at 8
OK I'm tubing him DMC this is medic 41  Medic 41 this is DMC base go ahead
He's cold spike him back and grab the back board 
OK got it on 3... 1 2 lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
D.M.C. we have a mid 30s male
Found down unresponsive
Possible over dose
Substance unknown
Pulse is 60 and thready
Respiration's 8 he's intubated
And we're bagging him now
Uuh B.P. 90 over palp
Patient cool pale and diaphoretic
Has aspirated
Uuh G.S.C. is 3
We'll update en route
E.T.A. 10 minutes
As I fall deeper into a manic state
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait
Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate
I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate
Start off with the NyQuil like I think I'll just have a taste
Couple of sips of that then I gradually graduate
To a harder prescription drug called Valium like ya that's great
I go to take just one and I end up like having eight
Now I need something in my stomach cause I haven't ate
Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak
And you'd think with all I have at stake
Look at my daughter's face... "Mommy something is wrong with dad I think.
He's acting weird again he's really beginning to scare me.
Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me.
And all he does is eat dorritos and cheetos.
And he just fell asleep in his car eating three musketeers in the rear seat."
Sometimes I feel so alone
I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before.
So lonely and cold.
It's like something takes over me
Soon as I go home and close the door.
Kinda feels like dÈj‡ vu.
I wanna get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why? I just don't know...
Maybe just a nice cold brew what's a beer
That's the devil in my ear I been sober a fucking year
And that fucker still talks to me he is all I can fucking hear
Marshall come on we'll watch the game it's the cowboys and buccaneers.
And maybe if I just drink half I'll be half buzzed for half of the time
Who's that mastermind behind that little line?
With that kind of rational man I got half a mind
To have another half of glass of wine sound asinine
Ya I know
But I never had no problem with alcohol
Ouch look out for the wall aim for the couch I'm about to fall
I missed the couch and down I go looking like a bouncy ball
Shit must have knocked me out 'cause I ain't feel the ground at all
Wow what the fuck happened last night where am I?
Man fuck am I hungover and god damn I got a head ache
Shit half a Vicodin why can't I?
"All systems ready for take off please stand by"
Sometimes I feel so alone
I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold
It's like something takes over me
Soon as I go home and close the door
Kinda feels like dÈj‡ vu.
I wanna get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don't
And why? I just don't know...
So I take a vicodin splash it hits my stomach and ah
A couple weeks go by it ain't even like I'm getting high
Now I need it just not to feel sick ya I'm getting by
Wouldn't even be taking this shit if deshaun didn't die
Oh ya there's an excuse you lose proof so you use
There's new rules it's cool if it's helping you to get through
It's twelve noon ain't no harm in self inducing a snooze
What else is new? Fuck it what would Elvis do in your shoes?
Now here I am three months later full blown relapse
Just get high until the kids get home from school homes relax
And since I'm convinced that I'm insomniac I need these pills to be able to sleep so I take 3 naps
Just to be able to function throughout the day let's see
That's an Ambien each nap how many Valium? Three.
And that will average out to about one good hours sleep
OK so now you see the reason how come he
Has taken four years just to put out an album beat
See me and you we almost had the same outcome heath
Cause that Christmas you know the whole pneumonia thing
It was Bologna was it the methadone ya think
Or the hydrocodone you hide inside your pornos
Your VCR tape cases with you Ambient CR great places to hide ain't it
So you can lie to Hallie
I'm going beddy bye Whitney baby good night Alaina
Go in the room and shut the bedroom door and wake up in ambulance
They said they found me on the bathroom floor... Damn
Sometimes I feel so alone
I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold
It's like something takes over me lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Lately I've been hard to reach I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me like I'm reaching out for you?
I'm just so fuckin' depressed I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump
I took my bruises took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
I need a new outlet and I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow
But I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles
In my shoes just to see
What it's like to be me
I'll be you let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you yeah so...
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything is so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature in the room
Just as soon as I walk in
It's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
'Cause if I do that then it opens the door for conversation
Like I want that... I'm not looking for extra attention
I just want to be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fucking man servant
Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of them ain't even funny like
"Ha! Marshall you're so funny man you should be a comedian God damn"
Unfortunately I am but I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles
In my shoes just to see
What it's like to be me
I'll be you let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you so
Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip them don't expect no help
Now I could have either just
Sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
Who sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in
In every single place
Every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid
Aunt Edna always told me 
Meanwhile I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue tryna talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then cause I wasn't tryna impress my friends no more
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
'Cause where you see it from where you're sitting
It's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes at least
What size you wear? I wear tens
Let's see if you can fit your feet
In my shoes just to see
What it's like to be me
I'll be you let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful oh
They can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you
So don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
Oh they can all get fucked.
Just stay true to you yeah so...
Lately I've been hard to reach I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone...
So are you calling me are you trying to get through oh?
Are you reaching out for me like I'm reaching out for you?
So oh oh
Yeah... To my babies. Stay strong.
Daddy will be home soon
And to the rest of the world God gave you them shoes
To fit you so put 'em on and wear 'em
Be yourself man be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny
Don't ever let no one tell you lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Dr. Dre 50 Cent)
Ooww ladies and gentlemen
The moment you've all been waiting for..
In this corner: weighing 175 pounds
With a record of 17 rapes 400 assaults and 4 murders
The undisputed most diabolical villain in the world:
Slim Shady!
So crack a bottle let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk
OK... let's go
Back wit Andre the giant mister elephant tusk
Fix your musk you'll just be another one bit the dust
Just one of my mothers son who got thrown under the bus
Kiss my butt. Lick the fumunda cheese from under my nuts
It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks
It's a must I redeem my name 'n' haters get mushed.
Bitches lust. Man they love me when I lay in the cut.
Fist the cup. The lady gave her eighty some paper cut.
Now picture us. it's ridiculous you curse at the thought
'Cause when I spit the verse the shit
Gets worse then Worcestershire sauce
If I could fit the words as picture perfect works every time
Every verse every line as simple as nursery rhymes
It's elementary. The elephants have entered the room.
I venture to say we're the center of attention it's true
Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal
Of the bat symbol. The platinum trio's back on you hoes.
So crack a bottle let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk
Ladies and gentlemen Dr. Dre
They see that low rider go by they're like "Oh my!"
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick 'cause I know why.
I dip through in that six trey like sick 'em Dre.
I'm an itch that they can't scratch they're sick of me.
But hey what else can I say? I love LA.
'Cause over and above all it's just another day
And this one begins where the last one ends.
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again.
I'll be damned just fucked around and crashed my Benz.
Driving around with a smashed front end
Let's cash that one in.
Grab another one from out the stable
The Monte Carlo El Camino or the El Dorado
The hell if I know.
Do I want leather seats or vinyl?
Decisions decisions
Garage looks like Precision Collision.
Or Maaco beats quake like Waco
Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though
So crack a bottle let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of 'em got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I notice there's so many of 'em
And there's really not that many of us.
and ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk
And I take great pleasure in introducing: 50 Cent
It's bottle after bottle
The money ain't a thing when you party with me
It's what we into it's simple
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe
I'm the napalm the bomb the don I'm King Kong
Get rolled on wrapped up and reigned on
I'm so calm through Vietnam ring the alarm
Bring the shaun dawn burn marajaun do what you want
Nigga on and on till the break of what
Get the paper man I'm caking you know I don't give a fuck
I spend it like it don't mean nothing
Blow it like it's supposed to be blown
Motherfucker I'm grown
I stunt I style I flash the shit
I gets what the fuck I want so what I trick
Fat ass burgundy bags classy shit Jimmy Choos shoes
I say move a bitch move
So crack a bottle let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Mr. Berman? What?!
We have Eminem here to see you 
about fuckin' time!
Send him in  
Look who decided to show his face!
I hope you've had fun in the last 4 years. 
(Look man I apologise again for-) 
For shooting me?! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm?
(Again it was a mistake)  
and then you go and you do what? hide out? stay in Detroit from us 5 years while the music industry melts the fuck down?
Do you know how many people lost their jobs because of your fuckin vacation?
(Well that's actually why I'm here I was gonna put out some new music and I wanted to play it for you and get your opinion) 
Do I really need to hear it?
Let me guess another album about poor me I'm so famous that it's ruined my rich little life and I'm such a tortured artist.
Let me make music about it and my tragic love life am I on to something here?  
You know what? Just hand the fuckin thing over I'm done talkin to you. Think you can just come and go as you please.
Big selfish superstar (Steve I had a drug problem) 
Oh poor me I had a drug problem.
Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town? You know what? 
 Just lay the shit down on my desk and get the fuck out (Woah woah woah. Jesus Christ man!)
(Alright alright here fine) What's this shit? Two CD's? 
(That's what I've been tryin to tell you man there's 2 albums)
Just get out!  
Get the fuck out (Alright man lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
A lot of people ask me
Where the fuck I've been at the last few years
Shit I don't know
But I do know - I'm back now.
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run to run to now
I've disappeared you'll wonder how
Looking for me I'm underground
Dre. I'm down here under the ground
Pick me up broken tibias fibias yeah fix me up
60 sluts all of them dying from asphyxia
After they sip piss through Christopher Reeves sippy cup
Dixie cups toxins boxes of oxipads
Enough oxi-cotton to send a fucking ox to rehab
Whack job in the back in a black stocking cap
Jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match 
Yes he can I just did faggot now guess again
Better text message your next of kin tell em shits about to get extra messy especially when I flex again
Throw a fucking lesbian into wet cement
Faggidy faggidy fagidy ragidy Ann and Andy
NO! Ragidy Andy and Andy
NO! It can't be it can't be
Yes it can be the fucking Antichrist back Danny and Satan in black satin panties
This is Amityville calamity god damn it insanity pills fanny pack filled with Xanax
Through every nook and cranny looking for trannies
Milk and cookies spilled on my silk
Negligee lookie
Razor blades with me to make you bleed
Cases of Maybelline make-up laying on the table of weed
Slim Shady shit sounds like a fable to me
Until he jumps out of the fucking toilet when you're taking a pee.
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run to run to now
I've disappeared you'll wonder how
Looking for me I'm underground
Six semen samples 17 strands of hair
Found at the back of a van after the shooting at the vanity fare
Hannah Montanna prepare to elope from a can opener and be cut open like a cantaloupe and canopy beds
Glad bags yeah glad to be back 'cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dead in rehab
Fucking doctor I didn't understand a damn what he said I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch
Two weeks in Brighton I ain't enlightened
Biting into a fucking Vicadin like I'm a viking
Oh! Lightning is striking oh might be a fucking sign not like I need a psychic
Evaluation fuck Jason it's Friday the 19th
That means it's just a regular day and this is the kind of shit I think of regularly
Fucking lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way
Now she's pregnant and gay missing both legs and begging to stay.
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run to run to now
I've disappeared you'll wonder how
Looking for me I'm underground
Tell the critics I'm back and coming to spit it back in abundance
Hit a fag with onions and split a bag of fonions
Mad at me understandable cannibal shoot an animal out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult!
Captain of a cult with an elite following to turn Halloween back into a trick or treat holiday
Have Micheal Myers looking like a liar swipe his powers
Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers
Hit Jason Vorhees with 40's
Stuck a suppository up his ass and made him tell me a story
Gave Hannibal Lecter a fucking nectarine sat him in a fucking fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture
Walked up Elm street with a fucking wiffle bat drew fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissor Hands too
Came out with a little scratch ooh
Looking like I got in a fucking pillow fight with a triple fat goose
Insanity can it be vanity where is the humanity
And having a twisted fantasy with an arm and leg amputee
Straight jacket with a hundred eight brackets
With a strap that wraps twice around my back then they latch it
Cut your fucking head off and ask you where you're headed off to
Get it? Headed off to 
Medic this headache's awful
This anesthetic is pathetic so is this diabetic waffle
And this prosthetic arm keeps crushing my hard taco
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run to run to now
I've disappeared you'll wonder how
Looking for me I'm underground
So it wasn't a choice it was I had to do this.
And now I'm 90 days clean and uh that's all I have to share.
Thanks.
Thanks for sharing Brian is there anyone else who would like to share this evening?
Yeah I got something I want to share.
When you walked through the door you were queer to me
So come here baby boy just come here to me
You're a cock boy everybody wants you
You're gayer than you would ever claim to
I won't have to rape you
So homie lay down down down lay down down down lay down down down lay down lay down.
Where's everybody going? This always went over real big in gay a
OK wait I got another one
I just love condoms and lots of cum no? Oh lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
If I woulda rap about the crap that's out
That's the route you probably want me to take
Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think
And my take on some other rappers
If I was to say something about Paul Wall you'd probably crap in your
Pants cause I'm white and he's white so he's like
My competition I mean right?
Nope Paul Wall is dope
And so's Bubba so BLALALALAPFFTTTTT
B-b-b-b-b-but I don't compete with nobody
I just go hard do the rope-a-dope Ali
Shuffle and dance around my opponents do donuts
Sometime's I just play possom Like I'm asleep that's awesome
I'm like a sleeping Giant and when I awake I'm like Dre
I just jump from outta nowhere and bite Prey
Sink my teeth in him and fill him full of poison
And make a noise like snake before I kill him
And let him know that I just don't feel him
And smack him with the backward E the Eminem emblem
Always thought if you was gonna murder somebody you should face em
Tell em why look them dead in the eye then waste em
And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
And swallow the shell of the hollow who dwell
And the shadows of all who are willing to sell
Their souls for this rap game and it g-g-goes
123 123 123 that ain't the hook now follow me
There's nothing else for me to say my public adores me
Everybody bores me they're just so corny
So at night before I sleep I look in the mirror
The mirror grows lips and it whispers 
My Darling I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling you and me were meant to be together
My Darling And if I cannot have you no one can you're my
My Darling cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling you and me were meant to be together
My Darling And if I cannot have you no one can you're my
My Darling cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body
"Shady I know you're in there so where? Come here
Talk to me sit here pull up a chair
Why don't you cut your hair? Hahahahaha
Dye it back come on try it" AHHHHHHHHH
No I told you leave me the fuck alone will you?
 But I already killed you!
"But Shady we were meant for eachother
Think about your mother" yeah so what of her?
"Well think about what she did to you and your little brother
All them foster homes..." fuck you motherfucker!
I had you beat "No I was playin' possom remember?
I let you watch your little girls blossom
I gave you enough time your souls mine
I'm taking it back" you fucking bitch WHY!
"Because I love you look a little closer
Isn't that us on that poster? haha"
My Darling I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling you and me were meant to be together
My Darling and if I cannot have you no one can you're my
My Darling cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling you and me were meant to be together
My Darling and if I cannot have you no one can you're my
My Darling cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body
"Shady listen...  you hear that?
They're screaming for you I can bring your career back"
But I don't want it back! 
No I don't! "Yes you do you're gonna regret it later!"
No I won't! "I'ma get Dre on the phone I'll just call the doctor"
Go ahead I already talked to Dre yesterday
You're lying  HOW WHY NOW!
Whatup Dre? "Check this out Slim I gotta talk to ya
I don't know it just seems every since you got off ya
Drugs you became a lot softer"
But Dre all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka
"Well just think about it Slim I'm here
Just hit me back and let me know what's up"
Fuck this mirror! AHHHHHHH
"I'm not in the mirror I'm inside you let me guide you"
Fuck you die you son of a bitch
 BYE BYE!
Ok I'm still alive "So am I too!
You can't kill a spirit even if you tried to
Haha you sold your soul to me need I remind you?
You remember that night you prayed to god
You'd give anything to get a record deal well Dre signed you
This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall right through
Look at this house look at these cars I'm so nice wooo!
Oh but you didn't know fame has a price too
That you're just now seeing the downside to
Lose your best friend from highschool your wife too
Ain't even sure if your kids like you
Come off tour can't even sleep at night without Nyquill
Become a valium addict start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle
Marshall...no one's gonna love you like I do!"
My Darling I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling you and me were meant to be together
My Darling and if I cannot have you no one can you're my
My Darling cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling you and me were meant to be together
My Darling and if I cannot have you no one can you're my
My Darling cause I possess your soul your mind your heart and your body
I said I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling you and me were meant to be together
My Darling and if I cannot have you no one can you're my
My Darling cause I possess your soul your mind lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
So this is it...
This is what I wished for
Just isn't how I envisioned it
Famed to the point of imprisonment
I just thought the shit'd be different
But something changed
The minute that I got a whiff of it
I started to inhale it
Smell it
Started sniffin' it
And it became my cocaine
I just couldn't quit
I just wanted a little bit
Then it turned me  to a monster
I became a hypocrite
Concert after concert
I was raking in the dough
Rolling in green
Had the game hemmed up
Like a sewing machine
But I was losing my freedom
There was no where for me
To not go and be seen
And just go and be me
And there was no in-between
You either loved it or hate it
Every CD critics gave it a 3 then 3
Years later they'd go back and re-rate it
And call the Slim Shady LP the greatest
The Marshall Mathers was a classic
The Eminem Show was fantastic
But Encore just didn't have the caliber to match it
I guess enough time just ain't passed yet
A couple more years that shit'll be ill-matic
And eight years later I'm still at it
Divorce re-married
A felon
A father
Sleeping pill addict
And this is real talk
I feel like the Incredible Hulk
My back has been broke and I can still walk
So be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold
I said
Be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold
I got a letter from a fan that said
He's been praying for me
Every day and for some reason
It's been weighing on my mind heavy
'Cause I don't read every
Letter I get but something told me to go ahead and open it but
Why would someone pray for you when they don't know you?
You didn't pray for me when I was local
And as I lay these vocals
I think of all the shit I had to go through
Just to get to where I'm at
I've already told you at least
A thousand times in these rhymes
I appreciate the prayer but I've already got
God on my side
And it's been one hell of a ride hasn't it?
Just watchin' it from an opposite standpoint
Man boy's got to look
Nuts
And that's the only word I can think of right now
On how
To describe the shit
This is like a vibe you get
Go ahead and bob to it
Just watch what you wish for 'cause I got the shit
So be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it 'cause it might just
Come back on you ten-fold
I said
Be careful what you wish for
'Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do wit' it lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(with Drake Kanye West Lil Wayne)
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man ever man ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man ever man ever man ever man
Last name ever
First name greatest
Like a sprained ankle boy I aint nothing to play with
Started off local but thanks to all the haters
I know G4 pilots on a first name basis
In your city faded off the brown Nino
She insists she got more class we know
Swimming in the money come and find me Nemo
If I was at the club you know I ball chemo
Drop the mixtape that shit sounded like a album
Who'da thought a country wide tour'd be the outcome
Labels want my name beside the X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal I did it without one
Yeah nigga I'm about my business
Killing all these rappers you would swear I had a hit list
Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness
If you aint been a part of it at least you got to witness
Bitches
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man ever man ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man ever man ever man ever man
I used to have hood dreams
Big fame big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
I went hard all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Yall seen my story my glory
I had raped the game young
You can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gon build statures of me
Old money Benjamin Button whaat nuttin
Now superbad chicks giving me McLovin
You would think I ran the world like Michelles husband
You would think these niggas would know me when they really doesnt
Like they was down with the old me no you fucking wasnt
Youre such a fucking loser
He didnt even go to class Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack
Chasing the stardom will turn you into a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I cant even act
They pull their cameras out and God damn they snap
I used to want this thing forever yall can have it back
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man ever man ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man ever man ever man ever man
Ok hello it's da Martian
Space jam Jordans
I want this shit forever wake up and smell the garden
Fresher than the harvest
Step up to the target
If I had one guess than I guess I'm just New Orleans
And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops
Hop up in my car and told my chauffeur to the top
Life is such a fucking roller coaster then it drops
But what should I scream for this is my theme park
My minds shine even when my thoughts seem dark
Pistol on my side you dont wanna hear that thing talk
Let the king talk check the price and pay attention
Lil Wayne thats what they got to say or mention
Im like Nevada in the middle of the summer
Im resting in the lead I need a pillow and a cover
Shhh my foots sleeping on the gas
No brake pads no such thing as last
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man ever man ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man ever man ever man ever man
There they go packin' stadiums as Shady spits his flow
Nuts they go macadamian they go so ballistic whoa
He can make them look like Bozos
He's wondering if he should spit this slow
Fuck no! Go for broke
His cup just runneth over oh no
He aint had a real buzz like this since the last time that he overdosed
Theyve been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose
Back into the game and they know
Rap will never be the same as before
Bashing in the brains of these hoes
And establishing a name as he goes
The passion and the flame is ignited
You cant put it out once we light it
This shit is exactly what the fuck that I'm talking about when we riot
You dealin with a few true villains
Whose stand inside of the booth truth spillin
And spit true feelings until our tooth fillings come flying up out of our mouths
Now rewind it!
Payback muthafucka for the way that you doubted me hows it taste?
When I slap the taste out your mouth with the bass so loud that it shakes the place
Im Hannibal Lecter so just in case youre thinking of saving face
You aint gonna have no face to save by the time I'm through with this place
So Drake
It may not mean nothing to yall
But understand nothing was done for me
So I dont plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever man ever man ever man
Im shutting shit down at the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I aint even planning to call
I want this shit forever man ever man ever man lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I want you to understand something
That when I come up in this bitch I want the fans jumping
I want them fists pumping in the air I don't look like a millionaire
But I feel like a million bucks Ladies won't you fill your cups?
Shady's come to fill you up if you a D or a C-cup
You can even be a B it's just me and D-R-E
You'll be in the E-R we are strapped with so much T-N-T
We may blow no not even C-P-R from the EMT
Can help you to resuscitate You bustas must be flustered wait
You can't cut the mustard What's your problem can't you bust a grape?
 What's my name? Shady came to crush the game
Instantly not even fair to them cause they pale in comparisons
So much they might as well wear a skin don't you wish you could just share his pen?
Cause this shit is getting embarrassing the fog is thick and the air is thin
Cause he won't even let them try to breathe Dadidadidadadi
He makes it look so easy Girl you just hit the lottery
Now this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do
Everywhere we go it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose
So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
This is when shit hits the fan like it just flat out don't stand
This is the only moment that matters your homie rolling with Mathers
Then chaos erupts Em's in back Dre's in the front
So do what we say and once it's over like a suance it hums
(It makes them stay in a trance No choice they have to dance)
It's like the playoffs just making sure that we stay in the hunt
Take a day off or what? Man you better lay off the blunts
You must be smokin' something think I ain't smokin' nothing stay off my nuts
Now hit the floor baby time to wipe away all the rust
Shake all them cobwebs loose loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose
Yeah girl shake that caboose I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse
D-R-E is on the loose I'm like a goose when it comes to the Chronic use
You know I can't stand to lose Me and my goons are like animals
Wake up like a pack of wolves and we came here to extract the roof
Yeah man ain't that the truth? Girl your mans is like in the booth
Definitely back up in this bitch You swing? All hell breaks loose
Now this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Try to restrain us you can't contain us
We still gonna make it stick no matter what we do
Everywhere we go it seems we looking
For any excuse to just cut loose
So this would be the part of the song
Where they drop the needle on and hell breaks loose
Now I know you're feelin discouraged but homie just mark my words
I'm mur-durin the flow liquid courage I'm fin' to blow
As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe
I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go
We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows
Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' hoe
With speakers knockin it's 3 o'clock me and Doc then proceed to drop
 and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do'
Yeah so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow
We ain't bluffin for nothin we'll knock the stuffin out you
Revenge is so sweet move 'til you injure your feet
Yeah move it or lose it freak move to the beat lose yourself indubitably
Pass up on that little cute chick right there that'll be pretty damn stupid of me
Born and raised in the C-P-T yeah Los Angeles rules of the streets
Them haters hatin on me but I refuse to lose any sleep
Keep that deuce-deuce in the seat lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
"It fits perfect"
Better watch out sucka now I gotcha where I want ya
Onslaught comin and I'm packin in my lunch up
Bunch of missile launchers and a bunch of contra-
-band van full of ganja now come on jump
Man stop mashin Marshall on my gotcha
Doin the cha-cha and the cucaracha with a quadra-
-plegic boogeyin down to Frank Sinatra
Lindsay to the Lohan naked while you let me watch ya
Who'da knew the buddah do to me what it's done
Such cynicism when this isn't in my system
Blunt hypnotism lift the spliff up to my lips son
So much on my hands I got to give my kids a fist bump
Christo-pher Reeves swimmin in my swim trunks
"Mister help me" 's what he said to me and then sunk
Women skinning and then cutting them up in chunks
In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin once
Once again they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up hem 'em sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts uppa-up in those kilts
Man you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills uppa-up in those hills
You better beware stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Always you can see him lurkin in the hallways
Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawl space
How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place
Hide 'em in the wall well how long will the drywall take?
Well fuck it then I got nothing but time I'll wait
Until it dries for the moment I guess you're all safe
After I sand it and buff it I guess that I'll paint
My chainsaw's out of gas my regular saw ain't
Now here I come again damn stomach rumblin
You can even hear the evil spirits comin from within
Someone's in the back of my damn house rummagin
It's a girl she looks pretty thin but I want to skin
Been on the hunt again; when will it ever end?
Evelyn why you tryin to fight? You will never win
Severin legs arms damn there goes another limb
Pull the lever then trapdoor death is evident
Now what you know about Buffalo Bill? Nothin so chill
Fuckin whore you better fuckin hold still
Make sure none of that lotion in the bucket don't spill
Cut 'em gut 'em and just keep to stuffin those girls
Man I think she had enough of those pills
Sedate her then I'll wait I'll come back later just to clutch on those steel
Blades baby when I cut ya don't squeal
I hate the loud noises I fuckin told you!
I keep hearin voices like wouldn't ya like to go and get your butcher knife
And push it right through her while you put ya shish-kabob skewers
Into her barbecue her or would you do to her
What you usually do to a girl who's skin's newer?
 "In a world of sin you are this is turnin into a
Torment tournament of sorts Christmas ornament you are!"
I'll be sure to Ginsu ya 'til there's no more skin to ya
Boo-yah lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
All aboard okay next stop my basementÖ ha ha
I'll meet you down there
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend proof
That if I went gold I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator
Haters getting mad they done had enough of shady
You slay me nothing you say matters enough to touche me
Rappers try to play me they use Hailie as a ukulele
Woopsa that a fucking daisy
That's a no-no who even she knows dada's fucking crazy
Fucking animal cookoo bananas fucking A B
Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me
Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby
You may think it's cause of the way that I was brought up
But it's all caught up to me now karma's in the waters
Every line I ever said has got me in a corner
You might think it doesn't creep upon ya but it all does
You wouldn't listen man I tried to warn ya when you started
Now your brain's all haunted cause of all the shit you thought of
Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust
I never thought it'd come to this I ought to just be honest but
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend proof
That if I went gold I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator
Sorry Lance Mr. Lambert and Aiken ain't gonna make it
They get so mad when I call them both faggots
It's all these fucking voices in my head I can't take it
Someone shut that fucking baby up 'fore I shake it
You're standing adjacent to Jason's last slut they're facing
Together makes 'em a fucking bad combination
I lashed at the doctor in my last operation
Shoved the weiner schnitzel up his ass hopped away some-
Body please stop the patient get the cops to mase him
Homie I'm the sheisse pass Doctor Dre some
I can't leave the game I just can't walk away son
No not-a now not a chance not today son
I can't believe I leave for one brief second
And you pussys queef all over the rap game naked
And use a leaf to clean up the crap stains feck it
I just keep saying the same exact saying check it
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend proof
That if I went gold I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later
Later I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator
Elevator in my house I'll smell ya later
I blew the fuck up a hamster in a microwave-I
Think about an escalator now steps I hate 'em
Told the neighbor step away then I just pepper sprayed 'em
Yeah for every time you ride down the street
Or hideout drive by my house and beep
Like now motherfucker try now to sleep
Lie down motherfucker try countin' sheep
And you're tryna find out why now there's beef?
Mase in your face bitch cry now pussy
This is my house all nine thousand feet
So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth
Then I shove 'em in the elevator take 'em to the top
Stand above emjust to cut the fucking cable let 'em drop
Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator get a pop
While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement yelling stop!
There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend proof
That if I went gold I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide later
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator
Fucking son of a bitch I can't believe this shit
This must be all that there is this must be it
Fucking-A even got a bidet
Wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper
Dishwasher's so big when I'm pissed off
I can just toss a flying saucer in it
This shit's awesome yeah lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yo...Dre Man..Make my vocals sound sexy
Come on man come on man okaaaay
It feels so wrong cause it feels so right
But its all right its ok with me
I'll do my steps all by myself
I don't need nobody to play with me
But if you just give me a chance
I can put you in a trance the way I dance
But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm
Taking My Ball and going home hooome
I'm that guy man
Shove a diamond up my hind end
And crush it with my butt muscles while I cut vocals
Slut poke holes in ya shirt jump in mud puddles
While I stomp mudholes in ya ass girl
Now lets cuddle
Blood curdling your gurgling on your blood
What I do for my next trick
Im feeling won-der-ful
I think I might just do something a little less subtle
Shove a fucking tonka truck up a little kids butthole
Feel the wrath of a psychopath slash ambassador of the valentines day massacre slash assassin
I slash her in the ass with a icicle
And leave her laying a blood bath
While I put a catheter in
And jump in the bath with her
In my spiderman mask man
Just imagine the fun I can have with a strap on
Stick it up Kim Kardashian's ass and make the bitch run a triathlon
Are those pistachio's damn I'd like to have some
Laying on the patio man rolling a fat one
Shady drop the magic marker put the cap on
God damn man are you that much of an asshole
I'm like houdini
Tuck my teenie eenie weenie between each
One of my thighs and make it disappear like a genie
Make the shit disappear like tara reid in a bikini believe me homie
You don't know the meaning of a meanie
They call me the fruit loop from jupiter
I'm trying to maneuver the hoover up in your poop shoot
Dont move or ya might get it stuck so fucking far up in your uvula
You aint gonna know what he was tryna do to ya gluteus
Totally tubular sniffing glue through a tube in the studio
Now who do ya think is more fruitier
Weenier smoothered in peanut butter putting on a tube of ya eye shadow and man it look nice
You should've seen it mother
I think I'll put a piece of art on my visa card
Then I'll go meet Mischa Barton with a Cuisinart
Then mosy on over to Rosie-o-Donnell's
With McDonald's jump on her lap and watch the Sopranos..
Shady what are you doing chewing on a human
Grab an aluminum bat hit Heidi Klum in the back BOOM!
Assuming the fact that dudes in the back room
Using the bathroom vacuum and a racoon
Skewing a rat a cat screwing a baboon
You shouldn't ask what is he doing with that broom
You should be glad he ain't leave you full of stab wounds
You in a trance I'm back doing my dance ooh
But there afraid I might get Sarah Palin by the hair
And make her wear a bathing suit and take her para sailing
Shady why you gotta pick on the lady for
Why you make her read 84 bed time stories to you in baby talk?
Cause I'm scared there's monster's under my bed
Kelly Pickler hid my juice box under my bassinet
No wonder my ass is wet my diaper needs to be changed
You like graffiti dike well I can pee pee and write your name lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah
Yeah girl
Can you hear that?
It's playing our song
Are you sleepy?
Take a nap
You're not afraid of the dark are ya?
You hear the beat As it makes ya Not want to go to sleep
I knock on Dakota's door It's locked so I go to creep
'round the back with binoculars Not 'cause I want to peep
But because I'm hungry She smells like taco's I want to eat
Visions of hot choclatey marshmallows Also sweet
With sugar plums Oh look here comes Marshall he's on your street
He's placing hot smoldering charcoals beneath your feet
Now walk on 'em He's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek
Like a Thanksgiving turkey A holiday ham
Cinnamon sprinkled on toast With strawberry marmalade jam
Flavor my favorite graham crackers With Jon Benet Rams
I guess a modern day jack the ripper Is all that I am
My music box
Cause when the lights are off I see the girl's asleep
But i can hear u my love you keep calling me
I want the world to know you mean the world to me
So when you call me to come I will answer
Cause when the lights are off I see the girl's asleep
I hear my music box playing a song for me
So wont you whirl around and do a whirl for me
And want you be my private dancer
I almost look comatose Who wants to be sobered gross
I foam like a doberman mouth open I overdose
Put coke up my nostrils in both my holes and I plug my nose
My pupils quadruple in size eyes are so bugged I know
I put on my mother's make up get naked and run around
Wavin' the gun around I think I'm down to a hundred pounds
There's thunder I wonder how come it rains but the sun is out
The devils upset with his wife they must be sluggin' it out
I must be buggin' the fuck out but what the fuck about?
Voices are leading me up to the attic I love my house
They pull and they tug my blouse the sound of a music box
Comes from inside a toy chest but what do I do it's locked
I pick it and open it but it's stuffed full of human parts
I dig til I find it I wind it up and the tune just starts
It's playing a song so beautiful and the room is dark
The moon is full I smell a funeral guess I'll loom in the park
I'm fixated on asphyxating and breakin' this little chick's
Neck like a pixie stick
The sick Satan worshippin' bitches get horse-whippins
I'm in the back through the back door slip in
Through the crack leavin' the corpse drippin'
The mortition of love sent from above
Forced entry the more wenchy the more stingy I become
Been doin' this for more than a quarter century I'm just numb
Am I dreamin' is it real? Someone pinch me on the buns
The time has come to tie her up gotta roll me the ladder
I'd had enough of the chatter climb up to the window look at her
And climb in and slowly shatter her brain matter and batter her
with the bat a matter of fact that will splatter her
But before I do that I'll have a chat to flatter her
Give her two compliments back-to-back like Tabatha!
I'm your secret admirer I'm back to ravish ya
So strong is your fight but you're no match for Dracula
Prolonging her plight as I go back to stabbin' her
Dismember her limbs simple as that cadaver her
Zoom in with the lens then pan back the camera
Stand back cuz here comes your man Jack lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah boy
dem better to ring the alarm boy
Dem know what's coming boy
Oh my God fucking Bomboclat
I'm hard as Kenard the little boy who shot Omar in The Wire
Tie a whore up with barbwire nothing but a bra boy
I'm the real deal and charbroil her on the bonfire
And Bon Voyage bitch I'm like Chef Boyar-
-dee in this bitch; send a bomb to my moms lawyer
Im a problem for ya boy you think your Tom Sawyer
Til I pull you out the fucking story book and stomp on ya
Fucking fictitional characters and fariytales
Prepare yourself for Captain America on Ferris Wheels
But it aint fiction its fact boy beware its real
Them lyrics you wield equals zero to a hero shield
Mister fly-by-the-seat-of-his-pants parasail
Fall hit the trampoline bounce and grab a pair of stilts
And I aint wearing zilch zip zero nothing no nada
Like you fa'da fucking you're ma'da
Drop the bomb on em
Please don't drop the bomb on me
Shady please please dont drop the bomb on me
Drop the bomb on them
I don't want no doggone beef
See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me
Drop the bomb on em
Please don't drop the bomb on me
Shady please please dont drop the bomb on me
Drop the bomb on em
I dont want the dog on me
See? Aint no reason to sick the dogs on me
Boy I'm the real McCoy
You little boys can't even fill voids
Party's over kids kill the noise
Here come the kill joys
Me and Dre the steel alloys
The rap crown royals
Who scalp cowboys
Now how that sound for ya
Yeah boy you know we about to put it down for ya
So kick ya shoes off in the foyer
Have a sound voyage
And sayonara see ya fuckers tommorow
Get some R and R and marinate in some marinara
And have a coke and a smile dont make me open a jar
Whip ass on ya thats the last straw your hoping to draw
Yeah you fresher than most boy I'm just doper than all boy
Boy I'm that boy boy them boys boy them no up to par
I just show up go up to the stage and blow up the spot
There aint no boy who can do what I do boy I'm a star
Boy I told you boy I'm a Soldier boy I'm DeShaun
Holten in this bitch I'm the Proof boy your a fraud
I'll destroy ya boy fuck around and blow ya to sod
Oh my god boy you didn't go there no you did not
I got a whole story board for you boy your da plot
Your gettin got whether you try to avoid it or not
Apology not accepted boy Detroit is a rock
We get to beefing aint no telling at what point it will stop
All I got to do is point to the spot
When the bomb drops boy does it drop
And when it does boy there's a problem
Boy dont jinx yourself
Boy I'm Michael Spinks with the belt
Stringer Bell boy my name rings bells for itself
I'm sick as hell boy
You better run and tell someone else
Bringing hell boy singing telegrams will get dealt
And to that boy on them sedative meds
Who said he was better
I bet he never seen Freddie in a Black and red little sweater
Back better than ever
The chedder shredder the grater the beef grinder
I'll settle vendettas a little later
Giving haters incubators think ya made a mistake
By saying shady was ghost I aint even close the gate
You 'bout one foot in the grave just stay put and behave
Im bout to turn this fucking place to Beirut in a day
So hey wouldn't you say I'm the shit
Couldn't agree with ya more If you were to say that my fuckin shit doesn't stink
Shady fuckin' Aftermath boy the ship doesn't sink
It just floats in the fucking water till we fill up the tank lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
'Cause some things just don't change
It's better when they stay the same
Although the whole world knows your name
So on a bigger stage
They came to see you spit your game
But it shouldn't be difficult to explain
Just why you came back again you hate the fame
Love the game cold as ice you remain
Fuck 'em all tell 'em all eat shit here we go again
So god damn... is it that time again already
Ha-ha you don't look too happy to see me
Fuck man don't everybody welcome me back at once
All right fuck y'all then
You can get the dick just call me the ballsack I'm nuts
Michael Vick in this bitch dog fall back you mutts
Fuck your worms you never seen such a sick puppy
Fuck it a sick duck I want my duck sicked mummy
And my nuts licked gobble 'em up trick yummy
Bitch you don't fucking think I know that you suck dick dummy?
You'll get your butt kicked fuck all that love shit honey
Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut it's funny!
Shorty dance while I diss you to the beat fuck the words
You don't listen to 'em anyway yeah struck a nerve sucker
Motherfucker might as well let my lips pucker
Like Elton John 'cause I'm just a mean cocksucker
The shit is on 'cause you went and pissed me off
Now I'm shitting and pissing on everybody
Give a fuck if it's right or wrong
So buck the Buddha light a bong
But take a look at Mariah
Next time I inspire you to write a song c'mon
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh
Fuck it I'm a loose cannon Bruce Banner's back in the booth
Y'all are sitting ducks I'm the only goose standing
I set the world on fire piss on it put it out
Stick my dick in a circle but I'm not fucking around motherfucker
I'll show you pussy-footing I'll kick a bitch in the cunt
'Til it makes her queef and sounds like a fucking whoopy cushion
Who the fuck is you pushin' you must've mistook me for some sissy
Soft punk looking for some nookie or bosom
Go ahead fucking hater push me
I told you ain't no fucking way to shush me
Call me a faggot 'cause I hate a pussy
Man the fuck up sissy G's up
All you gardeners freeze up put your hoes down 
Man chill nah I can't god dammit
Rap is a landfill drop the anvil
These are shoes that you can't fill
Shit the day that happens the world'll stop spinning
And Michael J. Fox'll come to a stand still
During an earthquake urine in your face
'Cause you're fake ah what the fuck that hurt wait!
Ah what the fuck I just got struck by lightening
Alright then I quit god I give up
Call it evil that men do lord forgive me for what my pen do
This is for your sins I cleanse you
You can repent but I warn you if you continue
To hell I'll send you and just then the wind blew and I said
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh
How long will I be this way? Shady until my dying day
'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say
So long 'til then I drop the fucking bombs
Like I miss the pass when I went long
If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong
Now sing along slut this slut that learn the words to the song
Oh bitches don't like that homie I'll be nicer to women
When Aquaman drowns and the human torch starts swimming
Man I'm a cold soul I roll solo
So don't compare me to them other bums over there
It's like apples to oranges peaches to plums yeah
I'm bananas pussy cut off the grapes and grow a pair
But I swear you try to diss me I'll slaughter you
I put that on everything like everyone does with auto-tune
The last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme
And say I was writing this and I thought of you so
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh oh
I don't know I don't know what caused I don't know what caused me to be this way
I don't know I don't know but I'll probably be this way 'til my dying day
I don't know why I'm so lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Before I start this song man
I just wanna thank everybody for being so patient
And bearing with me over these last couple of years
While I figure this shit out
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy yeah?
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one
I went away I guess and opened up some lanes
But there was no one who even knew I was going through growin' pains
Hatred was flowing through my veins
On the verge of going insane
I almost made a song dissing Lil Wayne
It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin'
I felt horrible about myself
He was spitting and I wasn't
Anyone who was buzzing back then coulda got it
Almost went at Kanye too
God it feels like I'm goin' psychotic
Thank God that I didn't do it
I'da had my ass handed to me
And I knew it but Proof isn't here to see me through it
I'm in the booth popping another pill tryna talk myself into it
Are you stupid? You're gon' start dissing people for no reason?
Especially when you can't even write a decent punchline even
You're lying to yourself you're slowly dying you're denying
Your health is declining with your self-esteem you're crying out for help
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy yeah?
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one
Marshall you're no longer the man that's a bitter pill to swallow
All I know is I'm wallowin' self-loathing and hollow
Bottoms up on the pill bottle
Maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow
My sorrow echoes in this hall though
But I must be talking to the wall though
I don't see nobody else 
But all these other rappers suck is all that I know
I've turned into a hater I've put up a false bravado
But Marshall is not an egomaniac that's not his motto
He's not a desperado he's desperate his thoughts are bottled
Inside him one foot on the brake one on the throttle
Falling asleep with writer's block in the parking lot of McDonald's
But instead of feeling sorry for yourself do something about it
Admit you got a problem you brain is clouded you pouted long enough
It isn't them it's you you fuckin' baby
Quit worrying about what they do and do shady
I'm fucking going crazy
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy yeah?
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one
So I picked myself off the ground and fuckin' swam 'fore I drowned
Hit my bottom so hard I bounced twice suffice this time around
It's different them last two albums didn't count
Encore I was on drugs Relapse I was flushing em out
I've come to make it up to you now no more fucking around
I've got something to prove to fans 'cause I feel like I've let em down
So please accept my apology I finally feel like I'm back to normal
I feel like me again let me formally reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't know
The new me's back to the old me and homie I don't show no
Signs of slowing up pulling up blowing up all over
My life is no longer a movie but the show ain't over homos
I'm back with a vengeance homie
Weezy keep ya head up
T.I. keep ya head up
Kanye keep ya head up
Don't let up just keep slaying em
Rest in Peace to DJ AM
'Cause I know what it's like
I struggle with this shit every single day and um...
Is anybody out there?
It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle
And everything I come from
Can anybody hear me yeah?
I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane
Am I the one who's crazy yeah?
So why in the world do I feel so alone
Nobody but me I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there
Who feels the way I feel
If there is
Let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one
So there it is 
Damn
It feels like I just woke up or something
I guess I just... forgot who the fuck I was man
Ay yo
And to anybody I thought about going at it was never nothing personal lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah. You know?.. Critics man
Critics never got nothin' nice to say man
You know the one thing I notice about critics man?
Is critics never ask me how my day went
Well I'mma tell 'em
Yesterday my dog died I hog-tied a ho tied her in a bow
Said "Next time you blog try to spit a flow."
You wanna criticize dog? Try a little mo'
I'm so tired of this I could blow fire in the hole
I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro
Better hold on a little tighter here I go
Flows tighter hot headed as Ghost Rider
Cold-hearted as Spiderman throwing a spider in the snow
So you better get lower than Flo-Rida inside of a lowrider with no tires in the hole
Why am I like this? Why is winter cold?
Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes?
Listen dog Christmas is off this is as soft as it gets
This isn't golf this is a blisterin' assault
Those are your wounds this is the salt
So get lost
Shit dissing me is just like pissing off the Wizard of Oz
Wrap a lizard in gauze beat you in the jaws with it
Grab the scissors and saws and
Cut out your livers gizzards and balls
Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with Jaws
So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all
Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers
Tickle him go to his grave skip him and visit his dog
You're on fire
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold
You're on fire
Man I'm so fuckin' sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit
You're on fire
You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to get the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow
You're on fire you're on fire
I just put a bullshit hook in between two long-ass verses if you mistook this for a song look
This ain't a song it's a warning to Brooke Hogan and David Cook
That the crook just took over so book
Run as fast as you can stop writing and kill it
I'm lightning in a skillet you're a fuckin' flash in a pan
I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease splashing a fan
Mr Mathers is the man
Yeah I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can
Come back and whip your ass with it again
Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand it'll eat through anything metal the ass of Iron Man
Turn him into plastic so for you to think that you could stand a fuckin' chance is asinine
Yeah ask Denaun man
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon
Fuck it I ain't playing
Pull up in a van and hop out on a homeless man holding a sign saying
"Vietnam vet" I'm out my fuckin' mind man
Kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand
So if I seem a little mean to you this ain't savage you ain't never seen a brute
You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route
You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop
Saying you sick quit playing you prick don't nobody care
Then why the fuck am I yelling at air
I ain't even talking to no one 'cause ain't nobody there
Nobody will fuckin' test me 'cause these hos won't even dare
I'm wasting punchlines but I got so many to spare I just thought of another one that might go here
Naw don't waste it save it psycho yeah
Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Michael's hair
You're on fire
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold
You're on fire
Man I'm so hot my motherfuckin' firetruck's on fire homie
You're on fire
You need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit to give the whole Hip-Hop Shop to blow
You're on fire lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no
Cadillac Sevilles Coupe Devilles
Brain dead rims yeah stupid wheels
Girl I'm too for real
Lose your tooth and nails
Try to fight it try to deny it
Stupid you will feel
What I do I do at will
Shooting from the hip yeah boy shoot to kill
Half a breath left on my death bed
Screaming  yeah super ill
Baby what the deal
We can chill split a half a pill and a Happy Meal
Fuck a steak slut
I cut my toes off and step on the receipt before I foot the bill
Listen garden tool don't make me introduce you to my power tool
You know the fucking drill
How you douchebags feel knowing you're disposable?
Summer's Eve Massengill
Shady's got the mass appeal
Baby crank the shit
'Cause it's your goddamn jam
You say that you want your punchlines a little more compact
Well shorty I'm that man
These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at man
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said
Settle your fucking ass down I'm ready for combat man
Get it? Calm Batman.
Nah ain't nobody who's as bomb and as nuts
Lines are like mom's CAT scans
'Cause they fucking go bananas
Honey I applaud that ass
Swear to God man these broads can't dance
Ma show 'em how it's done
Spaz like a goddamn Taz yeah
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no
Girl shake that ass like a Donkey with Parkinson's
Make like Michael J. Fox in the drawers playin' with an etch-a-sketch
Bet you that you'll never guess who's knocking at your door
People hit the floors
Yeah tonight ladies you gon' get divorced
Girl forget remorse I'mma hit you broads
With Chris's force like you pissed him off
Talented with the tongue motherfucker
You ain't got a lick in yours
Hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores
Makin' cash registers shit their drawers
Think you spit the rawest
I'm an uncooked slab of beef
Laying on your kitchen floor
In other words I'm off the meat rack
Bring the beat back
Bring in two extension cords
I'mma measure my dick shit I need 6 inches more
Fuck my dick's big bitch
Need I remind you
That I don't need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig?
You're addicted I'm dope
I'm the longest needle around here
Need a fix up I'm the big shot
Get it dick-snots?
You're just small pokes little pricks
Girl you think that other prick's hot
I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match
'Fore I sit back and let him get hotter
Better call the cops on him quick fast
Shady's right back on your bitch ass
White trash with a half a six pack in his hatchback
Trailer hitch attached to the back 
You can sound the alarm
You can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard
You can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no I won't back down
Oh no
Bitch am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rapping?
Does a bird chirp? Lil' Wayne slurps syrup 'til he burps
And smoke purp?
Does a word search get circles wrapped around it like you do when I come through?
I'd like you to remind yourself
Of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic
Or you're the kind of girl that I can take a liking to
Psych I'm spiking you like a football
Been this way since I've stood a foot tall
You're a good catch with a shitty spouse
Got a pretty mouth and a good jaw
Gimme good brain
Watch the wood grain
Don't want no cum stain
Bitch you listening? Tryna turn me down
Slut I'm talking to you lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah! Oh! Get up! Where my dreads at?
I said get up!
You know what happens when I'm around man
Let's go!
Better watch out now
Here we come 
And we ain't stoppin' until
We see the mornin' sun 
So give us room to do our thing
'Cause we ain't come to hurt no one 
So everybody come and get up on the floor
Now and grab someone 
Man first of all I'm a boss
I just wanna get that across
Man even my dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche
Garbage bag for one of the windows
Spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em
Michigan plates and my name's on 'em
Baby Shady's here come and get him
If you dames want him
But he ain't stupid so quit tryna run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid why you tryna put your claims on him?
'Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it that could be our last chance
We have of just gettin' home now can I get that lap dance?
She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass man
In the streets of Warren Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me time to put the damn clamps
Down and show this hussy who's the man
Now get amped dance!
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You don't know you better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party!
Pull a fifth of Bacardi from outta my underwear
And walk around the party without a care
Like a body without a head
Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead
And tomorrow I'll probably still be too high to get outta bed
'Til I feel like I been hit with the sharp part of the hammer
Mixin' Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta
I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin' 
Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders
So quit tryna play the wall like you Paul
And get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap darlin'
'Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly I start ballin'
Makin' it rain for the ladies in the minis
But I'm not throwin' ones fives tens or even twenties
I'm throwin' quarters nickels dimes pennies up at skinnies
Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's
From the north east and west but when
It comes to them trailers in them South Parks
Muffle it 'cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's
So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outtie
Now hop in my minivan let's get rowdy
C'mon
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You don't know you better ask somebody
'Cause we're havin' a white trash party!
Now whether you're black white or purple
If you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck
You ain't doin' shit that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil
And you're no damn good
Get on the floor man and rep your 'hood
Now honey don't let them pricks trip
We should make a quick dip
And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot
'Cause girl I got a sick whip
Kick the back window outta my Gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk
Rip out the stick shift and
Make a five-seater
I'll be damned if I feed a chick
It ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita
I'll be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y
And I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground
And flip it upside down
'Fore I turn over a new leaf clown
I'll tell you now
I'm so raw I still need to un-thaw
You feel me y'all?
I shut the club down like Drake in the mall
But baby a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Coleslaw containers empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car
Now get up!
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You don't know lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I'm going through changes.
I'm going through changes.
Lately I really feel like I'm rolling for delf like Philly
Feel like I'm losing control of myself I sincerely
Apologize if all that I sound like is I'm complaining
But life keeps on complicating and I'm debating
On leaving this world this evening
even my girls can see I'm grievin'
I try and hide it
But I can't. Why do I act like I'm all high and mighty
When inside I'm dying.
I am finally realizing I need help.
Can't do it myself. Too weak. Two weeks I've been having ups and downs
Going through peaks and valleys
Dilly-dallying 'round with the idea of ending the shit right here.
I'm hatin' my reflection. I walk around the house tryna fight mirrors.
I can't stand what I look like yeah. I look fat but what do I care?
I give a fuck. Only thing I fear is Hailie
I'm afraid if I close my eyes and I might see her.
Shit.
I'm going through changes.
I'm going through changes.
I lock myself in the bedroom bathroom nappin' at noon.
Yeah dad's in a bad mood he's always snappin' at you.
Marshall what happened that you can't stop with these pills?
And you falling off with your skills?
And your own fans are laughin' at you?
It become a problem. You're too pussy to tackle get up.
Be a man stand. A real man would've had this shit handled.
Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed.
They say Proof just flipped out homie just whipped out and bust.
Nah it ain't like Doody to do that.
He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at nobody he'd fight first.
But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse.
Now I'm popping Vics Percs and Methadone pills.
"Yeah Em tight verse. You killed it."
Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes men.
And they gon' do whatever I says when I says it.
It's in their best interest to protect their investment.
And I just lost my fuckin' best friend. So fuck it I guess then...
I'm going through changes.
I'm going through changes.
My friends can't understand this new me.
That's understandable man but think how bananas you'd be.
You'd be an animal too if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo.
And everybody's lookin' at you. What you want me to do?
I'm startin' to live like a recluse
and the truth is
Fame's startin' to give me an excuse
to be at a all-time low.
I sit alone in my home theater watchin' the same damn DVD
Of the first tour. The last tour he was still alive.
And it hurts. So I fast forward. Sleepin' pills will make me feel alright.
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night
I'll just take a couple more. Yeah you're motherfuckin' right.
I ain't slowin' down for no one I am almost homeward bound.
Almost in a coma. Yeah homie come on dole 'em out.
"Daddy don't you die on me. Daddy better hold your ground."
Fuck don't I know the sound of that voice?
Yeah baby hold me down.
I'm going through changes.
I'm going through changes.
Wake up in the hospital full of tubes but somehow I'm pullin' through.
Swear when I come back I'mma be bulletproof.
I'mma do it just for Proof. I think I should state a few
Facts 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth.
Shit it just hit me that what if I would not've made it through?
I think about the things I would've never got to say to you.
I'd never get to make it right. So here's what I came to do.
Hailie this one is for you Whitney and Alaina too.
I still love your mother that'll never change.
Think about her every day. We just could never get it together.
Hey wish there was a better way for me to say it
But I swear on everything: I'd do anything for her on any day.
There are just too many things to explain.
When it rains guess it pours. Yes it does.
Wish there wasn't any pain
But I can't pretend there ain't.
I ain't placin' any blame
I ain't pointin' fingers. Heaven knows I've never been a saint.
I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history.
And just today I looked at your picture almost if to say
 subconsciously. Wish it didn't end this way lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I'm not afraid 
To take a stand 
Everybody 
Come take my hand 
We'll walk this road together through the storm
Whatever weather cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road 
Yeah it's been a ride
I guess I had to go to that place to get to this one
Now some of you might still be in that place
If you're trying to get out just follow me
I'll get you there
You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'mma let you stop me from causing mayhem
When I say I'mma do something I do it
I don't give a damn what you think
I'm doing this for me so fuck the world
Feed it beans it's gassed up if it thinks it's stopping me
I'mma be what I set out to be without a doubt undoubtedly
And all those who look down on me I'm tearing down your balcony
No ifs ands or buts don't try to ask him why or how can he
From  down to the last  album
He's still shitting whether he's on salary paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first for better or worse
He's married to the game like a  for Christmas
His gift is a curse forget the Earth he's got the urge
To pull his dick from the dirt and fuck the whole universe
I'm not afraid 
To take a stand 
Everybody 
Come take my hand 
We'll walk this road together through the storm
Whatever weather cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road 
Okay quit playing with the scissors and shit and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap
You said you was king you lied through your teeth
For that fuck your feelings/fillings
Instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
And to the fans I'll never let you down again I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise
in fact let's be honest
that last  CD was eh
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax I ain't going back to that now
All I'm trying to say is get back click-clack blow
'Cause I ain't playing around
It's a game called circle and I don't know how I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still trying to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't this fucking black cloud
Still follows me around but it's time to exorcise these demons
These motherfuckers are doing jumping jacks now!
I'm not afraid 
To take a stand 
Everybody 
Come take my hand 
We'll walk this road together through the storm
Whatever weather cold or warm
Just letting you know that you're not alone
Holler if you feel like you've been down the same road 
And I just can't keep living this way
So starting today I'm breaking out of this cage
I'm standing up I'mma face my demons
I'm manning up I'mma hold my ground
I've had enough now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now! 
It was my decision to get clean I did it for me
Admittedly I probably did it subliminally
For you so I could come back a brand-new me you helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did 'cause believe me you
I've been through the ringer but they could do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye I feel like the king of
My world haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on I wanna promise
To focus solely on handling my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters
And raise it you couldn't lift a single shingle on it!
'Cause the way I feel I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up
'Cause I'm raising the bar
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars
I feel amazing and I'm...
I'm not afraid 
To take a stand 
Everybody 
Come take my hand 
We'll walk this road together through the storm
Whatever weather lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
You you you you you
Like a verbal seduction when...
Seduction when I tell them girls on the floor
I don't know man.
Just feels like we're a lot different.
Kinda feels like I'm on a whole different page right now than you.
It feels strange but uh I guess it's kinda like it's kinda like...
I feel like I'm morphing into something that's so incredible that I'm dwarfing all competitors.
Better get your girlfriend in check. It's psychological warfare. Endorphins I affect.
Your self-esteem shatters as dialect comes blasting out your deck .
Such passion you'd expect this sort of reaction from her. Yet you strong arm.
You're fucking corny. You try to turn your charm on
'Cause you just think you're Bishop the Don Juan.
But if you think that you're fucking with me homie you're on one.
I'm cocking my head back like "Ed Lover. C'mon son.
She's on my Johnson.
She brings my name up constant."
Your boys are like 
Homeboy you better get a clue.
She's on my dick 'cause I spit better than you.
What you expect her to do?
How you expect her to act in the sack when she's closing her eyes fantasizing of digging her nails in my back to this track.
Seduction seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
Seduction seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
She's sitting there getting liquored up at the bar.
She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you than to count the things that are.
There's a seven-disc CD changer in her car and I'm in every single slot and you're not. Aww.
I'm the logo on that Dallas Cowboy helmet: a star
And I'm not about to sit back and just keep rhyming one syllable. Naw.
Switch it up and watch them haters not give it up 'cause they're just not good enough.
But I'm not giving up 'til I get my respect and I won't stop 'til I get enough
'Cause I'm not living up to my own expectations. Aww.
That hater alarm is sounding off that Obama took the bomb from my name. Aww.
So quit crying that I took your dame homie she's my dame. Aww.
You sadly mistaken if you thinking that I'm not on my game boy.
And things just ain't been the same since the day that I came forth.
You wear your heart on your sleeve. I sport that white tank boy.
But you got a hard on for me. What you hollering my name for?
It's your bitch on my dick. Ain't my dang fault. Man I can't call it...
Seduction seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
Seduction seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
It's like we're playing lyrical tug of war with your ear. You hear it girl come here.
Put your ear up to the speaker dear while I freak this world premier seducing her.
Loosen up with a little freestyle that'll wait am I losing you? Am I making you look bad?
Well I got news for ya homie you losing her. Oh wait she don't like when I spit it fast.
Am I trying to show her how? Let me slow it down some. It's still gonna be a blow out.
You're gonna wanna throw out your whole album.
Rummage through the shit and try to salvage something to see if you can save any of it
Punk but none of it's fucking with me. Prick you really feeling that bullshit?
You think you killing them syllables. Quit playing. These beats ain't nothing to fool with.
They call me Fire Marshall. I shut the shit down.
Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round.
I am also the opposite of what you are like.
You are microcosm of what the fuck I am on the mic.
I am awesome and you are just awestruck. She's love-stricken.
She's got her jaw stuck from sucking my dick. Aww fuck.
Seduction seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you the next she don't.
She's been stolen from you.
Seduction seduce. Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Love.
Don't hurt me.
Don't hurt me
No more.
Young Money...
No more.
Love.
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's  get a child out her
Yeah my life a bitch but you know nothing about her
Been to hell and back I can show you vouchers
I'm rolling Sweets I'm smoking sour
Married to the game but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my night stands are full of open Bibles uh.
I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay 'em down make your bed
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down: I'll break your leg
Money outweighing problems on a triple beam
I'm sticking to the script you niggas skipping scenes uh.
Be good or be good at it
Fucking right I've got my gun semi-Cartermatic
Yeah put a dick in their mouth so I guess it's 
I'm high as a bitch: up up and away
Man I'll come down in a couple of days
OK you want me up in a cage then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe combination is the G-code
It's Weezy motherfucker Blood gang and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough but I don't even check the peep-hole
So you can keep knocking but won't knock me down
No love lost no love found
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just 
That's right bitch 
And I don't need you 
Don't wanna see you 
Ha bitch you get 
You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (yeah yeah)
I don't need you 
That's right 
And I don't need you 
Don't wanna see you
Ha bitch you get (no love no no love no no love no no love)
Ha bitch you get (no love no no love no no love)
And I don't need you 
Get em
I'm alive again
More alive than I have been in my whole entire life
I can see these people's ears perk up as I begin
To spaz with the pen I'm a little bit sicker than
most
Shit's finna get thick again
They say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again
Caution to the wind complete freedom
Look at these rappers how I treat them
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em
They call me a freak 'cause
I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat them
Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him?
Snatch the mic from him bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute
Yeah that rap was tight
But I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might wanna go back to the lab tonight and um
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
From the place all the way to the parking lot fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd
You can see the sparks from hot metal
Cold-hearted from the day I Bogarted the game
I so started to rock fellow
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow
'Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not gonna stop
I'm standing on my Monopoly board
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop
'Til my hip don't hop anymore 
When you're so good that you can't say it
'Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore 
People just get sick 'cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore
And you can never break my stride
You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow
You'll never take my pride
Killing the flow slow venom and the opponent
Is getting no mercy mark my words
Ain't letting up relentless
I smell blood I don't give a fuck: keep giving them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just 
That's right bitch 
And I don't need you 
Don't wanna see you 
Ha bitch you get 
You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around 
I don't need you 
That's right 
And I don't need you 
Don't wanna see you
Ha bitch you get (no love no no love no no love no no love)
Ha bitch you get (no love no no love no no love)
And I don't need you 
Bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
We touch I feel a rush
We clutch it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust it's torturous
You must be a sorceress 'cause you just
Did the impossible
Gained my trust don't play games it'll be dangerous
If you fuck me over
'Cause if I get burnt I'mma show you what it's like to hurt
'Cause I've been treated like dirt before you
And love is 
Spell it backwards I'll show you
Nobody knows me I'm cold
Walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own
It's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow I show no emotion whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these motherfucking ho's
Bloodsucking succubuses what the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks but it's exactly what I thought it would be
Like trying to start over
I got a hole in my heart but some kind of emotional roller coaster
Something I won't go on 'til you toy with my emotions so it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold you I wasn't joking when I told you
You take my breath away
You're a supernova... and I'm a
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you
I'll do whatever it takes
When I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't
With you I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go
No boundaries no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em it's never the same?
You want them when they don't want you
Soon as they do feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't looking when I stumbled onto you must've been fate
But so much is at stake what the fuck does it take
Let's cut to the chase
'Fore a door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be making a mistake
Cause I'm a...
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you
Right at you
So after a year and six months lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah
You know technically I'm not even really supposed to be here right now
So fuck it might as well make the most of it.
Yeah haha
Feels good
Whooo
Guess I'm lucky
Some of us don't get a second chance.
But I ain't blowing this one.
Naw man haha
Shit I feel like I can do anything now.
Who can catch lightning in a bottle? Set fire to water?
Comin' out the nozzle on the fire hose flier than swatters?
Cinderella man Cinderella man Cinderella man Cinderella man.
Smash an hourglass grab the sand take his hands and cup 'em
Spit a rhyme to freeze the clock take the hands of time and cuff 'em.
Cinderella man Cinderella man Cinderella man Cinderella man.
There's a storm comin' that the weather man couldn't predict
I start to bug prick you better flee 'cause I get ticked
It's a rap I was down when I was down I was kicked.
I got up I'm back to punch you to the ground you trick
It's a trap fuck my last CD the shit's in my trash
I be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass
I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last.
You can die in the blink of an eye so bat your eyelashes
And keep winking and blowin' kisses 'cause you're flirting with death
I'm destroying your livelihood. I ain't just hurtin' your rep'
I catch a flow and get goin'
No remorse I'm showin' ain't slowin' for no one
Knowin' there is nothin' you can do about it
Zeroin' on the target like a marksman
The target is you.
I shut your lane down
Took your spot parked in it too
Arsenic flow lighter fluid saliva what can you do?
Go get your crew to hype you up stand behind you like whoooo!
That boy's hot enough to melt Hell burn Satan too:
Fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue
See you can hate him he don't blame you frankly he would too
This game could ill-afford to lose him how 'bout you?
Now guess who 
Here's a clue 
He came to the ball in his wife beater lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass 
He's in your ass he's all up in your psyche too
Now what's his name?
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
Cinderella
Cinderella man
Cinderella man (hey hey)
If I had a time machine I'd be
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
Music is my time machine so call me
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
Fuck catching lightnin'
He struck it
Screamed  at thunder
And flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward
Cinderella man Cinderella man Cinderella man Cinderella man.
Rewound the future to the present paused it don't ask how
Fuck the past motherfucker he's the shit right now
He's
Cinderella man Cinderella man Cinderella man Cinderella man.
Cinderella man
Send the fellow Shady dane came to wrap the game up in cellophane
Raise up from hell he came
But didn't come to bore you with the Cinderella story
Nor did he come to do the same
Or can't afford to be a label in this day and age
And at this stage of the game
Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly
So say bye
To the old H.I.
To the new Que Ser·
Consider it his last hurrah
Coup de gr‚ce
Raise 'em high in the sky
Keep 'em up
Time to bring the place alive
Thanks for being patient
I will make no more mistakes
Shit my potato's baked
Homie the veggies on my plate can fly
My filet is smoking weed
Yea faggot the steaks/stakes are high
Shit I ain't even suppose to be here
By the grace of God
The skin on my teeth
And the hair on my nuts I skated by
Now y'all are on thin ice
With ankle weights I hate to lie
How fuckin' irritated are you?
How much in your face am I?
And ain't shit you can do but fear it
Proof is here in spirit and
And I'm the spittin' image
I'll mirror it
When I stand near it
Your pussy lyric
I cunt hear it
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists?
Who?
Here's a clue.
He came to the ball in his wife beater
Lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass he's in your ass he's all up in your psyche too.
Now what's his name?
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
Cinderella
Cinderella man
Cinderella man (hey hey)
If I had a time machine
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
I'd be
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
Music is my time machine so call me
Cinderella man
Cinderella man
Cinderella man lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
Too late
Caught in a chase
25 to life
I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I made
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I would've stayed
But I've already wasted over half my life I would've laid
Down and died for you I no longer cry for you
No more pain bitch you
Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet
Into the dirt I can no longer stand it
Now my respect I demand it
I'mma take control of this relationship
Command it and I'mma be the boss of you now goddammit
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me
So you better hear me out this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you totally devoted to you while I've stayed
Faithful all the way this is how I fucking get repaid?
Look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats go to work a mess
Always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet
Not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect
I've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left
But you keep treating me like a staircase it's time to fucking step
And I won't be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath
You know what you've done no need to go in depth
I told you you'd be sorry if I fucking left
I'd laugh while you wept
How's it feel now yeah funny ain't it? You neglected me
Did me a favor although my spirit free you've set
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept
It's unfortunate but it's
Too late for the other side 
Caught in a chase
25 to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh
'Cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half
'Til I snap
Don't think I'm loyal
All I do is rap
How can I moonlight on the side?
I have no life outside of that
Don't I give you enough of my time?
You don't think so do you?
Jealous when I spend time with the girls
Why I'm married to you still? Man I don't know
But tonight I'm serving you with papers
I'm divorcing you
Go marry someone else and make 'em famous
And take away their freedom like you did to me
Treat 'em like you don't need them and they ain't worthy of you
Feed 'em the same shit that you made me eat
I'm moving on forget you oh
Now I'm special? I didn't feel special when I was with you
All I ever felt was this
Helplessness
Imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out
I fell for this so many times
It's ridiculous
And still I stick with this
I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction
You're addictive as they get
Evil as they come vindictive as they make 'em
My friends keep asking me why I can't just walk away from
I'm addicted
To the pain the stress the drama
I'm drawn in so I guess I'm a mess
Cursed and blessed
But this time I
Ain't changing my mind
I'm climbing out this abyss
You screaming as I walk out that I'll be missed
But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you
You left me off your list
Fuck you hip-hop
I'm leaving you my life sentence is served bitch
And it's just
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life
( I'm gone lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah.
Ha ha you feel that baby?
Yeah I feel it too.
Damn.
You know I'm so glad we could spend this time together
See I'm not as crazy as you thought I was am I?
Heh.
I'm the American dream! I'm the definition of white trash balling
I'm right back on 'em with the
I can't call it
Same shit different toilet oh you got a nice ass darlin'!
Can't wait to get you into my Benz take you for a spin
What you mean we ain't fuckin' you take me for a friend?
Let me tell you the whole story of Shady's origin
You'll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again!
Now it all started with my father
I must have got my pimping genes from him the way he left my mama
I'm a rolling stone just like him word to Johnny Drama
Keep my entourage with me baby I'll make a promise
There ain't nobody as bomb as me
I'm as calm as the breeze I'm the bees knees his legs and his arms I'm a
S-superstar girl I'm ready for you mama!
Why you think the only thing I got on is my pyjamas?
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again
I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuevo first I kiss your navel
Work my way down baby you can lay down on the table
But you may wanna find something more stable
I told you I ain't fooling from the gate this ain't the first day of April!
But thank you for staying April I'mma make you learn
To appreciate me differentiate me
From these phony little fishy and sissy fake G's
Skip over the  and all the  please
Initiate phase three! Missy now service me
Take another shot of J‰ger shake it so nervously
Take your time baby ooh you're the bomb baby!
Ooh you're doing that even better than your mom lady!
I told you why I'm Shady you didn't listen now did you?
Relax woman you know that I'm only kidding with you
Got a twisted sense of humour it's warped but I didn't hit you
I think you're finally starting to get the picture I'm just...
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again
Dynamite dynamite dynamite so!
Dynamite dynamite dynamite so!
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening I gotta go.
'cause I'm on to the next girl
And the next girl I kinda like oh oh oh!
I got you caught up in the rapture
Make you recapture the feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped you
You never wanted someone so bad you're sweating
But if I'm what you wanted why'd you panic when I grabbed you?
Girl don't be so frantic I'm just a hopeless romantic
Don't try to fight the feeling of something that's so organic
You can't ignore it so don't just stand before it
Just drop them panties to the floor let's get to camcordin'
Damn shorty I told you this was bound to happen
Soon as you wrote your number on a napkin I was bound to work a number on your back and
Throw your spine out of alignment
My love has got you so blinded you couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a lineup
so stop at a store pick a pint up
Let's get the pineapple schnapps going no one'll knock 'cause I'mma hang a sign up
Saying  shorty I'm so superb
I say the right things don't I spit the dopest words?
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again
Dynamite dynamite dynamite so!
Dynamite dynamite dynamite so!
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening I gotta go.
'cause I'm on to the next girl
And the next girl I kinda like oh oh oh!
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
Guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again
Ha ha.
Dr. Dre
2010!
Light years ahead of you lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I can almost taste it
This shit makes no sense to me
What does it all mean?
I can almost taste it
I can almost see it
This shit makes no sense to me
What does it all mean?
I can almost taste it
Yeah can't stop now.
This may be the last chance I get to be famous.
.
You dream of trading places
I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes
There is too much to lose.
Wake up behind these trenches
You run around defenseless.
There is too much to lose
You cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous
But be careful what you wish for
I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist
They call me Slim Roethlisberger
I go berserker than a fed-up post-office worker
I murk her with a Mossberg
I'm pissed off get murdered
Like someone took a ketchup squirter
Squirted a frankfurter
For a gangster you sure did shit your pants
When you saw the chainsaw get to waving
Like a terrible towel
How thangs turn around
When his fangs come out
Get your brains blown out
That's what I call blowing your mind
When I cum back
Like nut on your spine
I'm the thumb tack
That you slept on son
Now here I come screaming 
Like I just stepped on one
Low on the totem 'til he showed 'em
Defiance giant scrotum
He don't owe them bitches shit
His britches he out growed 'em
He's so out cold he's knocked out at the South Pole
And nobody fucks with him
Rigor mortis and post mortem
He's dying of boredom
Take your best rhymes record 'em
To try to thwart him
He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em
Shit-stained drawers
You gon' fuck with a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws
While he dips 'em in PF Chang's sauce
Game's up homie hang it up like some crank calls
You think I'm backing down?
You must be out of your dang skulls
I'm almost famous
You dream of trading places
I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes
There is too much to lose.
Wake up behind these trenches
You run around defenseless.
There is too much to lose
You cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous
But be careful what you wish for
I'm back for revenge
I lost a battle that ain't happening again
I'm at your throat like strep
I step strapped with a pen
Metaphors wrote on my hand
Some are just stored in my memory
Some I wrote on a napkin
I do what I have to to win
Pullin' out all stops any who touch a mic prior's
Not even Austin Powers how the fuck are they Mike Myers
And tell that psycho to pass the torch
To the whacko 'fore I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern
And smash it on his porch
Now get off my dick
's too short of a word for my dick
Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism you prick
Don't call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer
I just blew up the Challenger matter fact I need a lawyer
I just laced my gloves with enough plaster
To make a cast beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Verne Troyer
Ya'll are Eminem backwards you're Meni Mes
See he's in a whole 'nother weight class
He slugs you're BBs you're bean-bag bullets
You're full of it; you were dissin' his CDs
Laughed at Infinite now he's back like someone pissed in his Wheaties
No peace treaties he's turned into a beast
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E.
He's almost famous
You dream of trading places
I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes
There is too much to lose.
Wake up behind these trenches
You run around defenseless.
There is too much to lose
You cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous
But be careful what you wish for
Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin' his balls
Screaming the wood off the panelling
And cussing the paint off the walls
Spewing his hate to these haters showing no love for these broads
He ain't given 'em shit he says he'll pinch a penny so hard
He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark
When it scars 'til Abraham Lincoln is screaming out 
His metaphors and similes ain't similar to them not at all
If they don't like it they can all get fucked instead of sucking him off
They can go get a belt or a neck tie to hang themselves by
Like David Carradine they can go fuck themselves and just die
And eat shit while they at it
He's fucking had it he's mad at the whole world
So go to hell and build a snowman girl
The bullies become bullied and pussies get pushed
Then they better pull me take me back to 9th grade to school me
'Cause I ain't looking back only forward this whole spot blowing
Who could have known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it?
And while I'm being poetic let me get historic and raise the bar
Higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered
So bear witness to some biblical shit
As a cold wind blowing
This world ain't gonna know what hit it
He did it he made it lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight
High off her love drunk from her hate
It's like I'm huffing paint and I love her the more I suffer I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown she resuscitates me
She fucking hates me and I love it.
We're running right back.
Here we go again
It's so insane 'cause when it's going good it's going great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad it's awful I feel so ashamed I snap
I laid hands on her I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
You ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you're with 'em
You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feeling
Yeah them chills used to get 'em
Now you're getting fucking sick of looking at 'em
You swore you'd never hit 'em; never do nothing to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face spewing venom in your words when you spit them
You push pull each other's hair scratch claw bit 'em
Throw 'em down pin 'em
So lost in the moments when you're in them
It's the rage that took over
It controls you both
So they say it's best to go your separate ways
Guess that they don't know you 'cause today that was yesterday
Yesterday is over it's a different day
Sound like broken records playing over but you promised her
Next time you'd show restraint
You don't get another chance
Life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
Now I know we said things did things that we didn't mean
And we fall back into the same patterns same routine
But your temper's just as bad as mine is
You're the same as me
When it comes to love you're just as blinded
Baby please come back
It wasn't you baby it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Come inside pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk
Told you this is my fault
Look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed I'll aim my fist at the drywall
Next time? There won't be no next time!
I apologize even though I know it's lies
I'm tired of the games I just want her back
I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
I'mma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire
I'm just gonna
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
The days are cold living without you 
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you 
You may be gone but you're never over
If Proof could see me now I know he'd be proud
Somewhere in me deep down there's something in me he found
That made him believe in me now no one can beat me now
You try it'll be them doors on Dre's Phantom believe me clowns
That means  homie you'll never throw me
Off of this course blow me
Bitch I do this all for the sport only
But I want it all
I'm not just talking awards homie
And the balls in my court and it's lonely
On top of the world when you're the only
One with the balls in your shorts
To leave their jaws on the floors with no remorse
Remember that when they get to dogging you boy homie
So ya'll can just get to blogging about bologna
I'm not gonna stop the saga continues
No stopping the force Obi
I'm mopping the floors with 'em
I keep trying to pass it
But they keep on dropping the torch
And it won't be long 'til this sport is O-V-E-R
Just Blaze and me we are knocking on doors
And no we ain't pumpkins on Halloween
But we'll show up on your porch
So be careful what you say
There ain't no punks over here so follow me
Through the fog like I'm S-N double O-P
Let me guide you through the smoke G
If only I wasn't travelling down this road by my lonely
No one who knew me like you will ever know me
I don't think you understand how much you meant to me
The days are cold living without you 
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you 
You may be gone but you're never over
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
And homie I'll never forget you no
For you I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life
So sick it'll blow up the mic it'll put the dyna in mite
Yeah it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself
Tap-dancing all over the beat it'll jump off the page and spit itself
Guess that the best thing I could do right now Doody for you is to rap
So I'm gonna fuck 'til I die yeah I'mma do it to death
And instead of mourning your death I'd rather celebrate your life
Elevate to new height
Step on the gas and accelerate I'mma need 2 mics
'Cause the way that I'm feeling tonight everything I can just do right
There's nothing that I can do wrong I'm too strong and I'm just too hyped
Just finish the rhyme and bust it excuse the corny metaphor
But they'll never catch up to all this energy that I've mustered
So God just help me out while I fight through this grieving process
Trying to process this loss is making me nauseous
But this depression ain't taking me hostage
I've been patiently watching this game pacing these hallways
You had faith in me always
Proof you knew I'd come out of this slump rise from these ashes
Come right back on they asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards
And I'mma show 'em blow 'em out the water slaughter 'em homes
I'mma own so many belts the only place they can hit me is below 'em
Homie I know I'm never gonna be the same without you
I never would've came in this game I'm going insane without you
Matter of fact it was just the other night
Had another dream about you
You told me to get up I got up I spread my wings and I flew
You gave me a reason to fight I was on my way to see you
You told me "Nah Doody you're not laying on that table I knew."
I was gonna make it soon as you said "Think of Hailie" I knew
There wasn't no way that I was ever gonna leave them babies and Proof
Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you
Lord I'm so thankful please don't think that I don't feel grateful I do
Just grant me the strength that I need for one more day to get through
So homie this is your song I dedicate this to you
I love you lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Nah man
Not quite finished yet
Girl I think
You just might've tried to pull a motherfucking fast one I'm mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games?
See this saw blade? See the silhouette of a stalker
In your walk-way? Better co-operate
Or get sautÈed and rotisseried while you're hog-tied
MCs get so quiet you can hear a motherfucking dog whistle when I walk by
'Colt Seavers' on a mule stunting on that ass like the fucking Fall Guy
I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight I treat it like a Mogwai
'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin and run over kids women and men
Vrinn-vrinn! Motor's so big you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch give me them digits why you're cringin'
Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin
Will I spend-spend even ten cents on you since when
Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny?
Shit if I think a penny's pretty
Just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
Eenie meenie miney mo
Catch an Eskimo by his toe 
While he's trying to roll a snowball
But don't make him lose his cool
If he hollers better let him go ya'll 'cause 
Now here we go go go
Get up! Baby get a move on like a U-Haul
You can rack your brain like pool balls
You won't ever think of this shit
Yeah honey you called?
Well here I come Havoc on the beat I wreak it
Evil I see hear and speak it
Lady put your money on Shady
Fuck that other weak shit
Put your eggs in the same basket
You can count every motherfucking chicken 'fore it hatches
'Cause you can bet your ass that we gon' get it crackin'
Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin'
Get your brains bashed in so bad
You gon' have Kurt Cobain askin'
To autograph a bloodstained napkin
Unfashionable and 'bout as rational
As a rash on a fag's asshole
Now let's take that line run it up the flag pole with Elton
See if he's cool with it
Don't stand there and look stupid at me bitch
I ain't in the mood for this shit
Get my dick Google it 'til it pops up
Ya'll are so motherfucking full of shit that you're stopped up
Me I'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth
'Til your speakers crap out  "Ohp what?"
Girl you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette 
But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me
So do not strut my way slut! Because...
You don't own me
Here we go go go
And now that I got your panties in a bunch
And your bowels in an uproar
I'mma show you why I came
So you stop asking me what the fuck for
Now look you little slut cunt whore I know you want more
Bitch it's time to put the 'Math' back in the Mathers
'Cause I'm a fucking problem run boy!
Every flow got it mastered
So every last word that you fucking fags heard
Comes straight from the fish's ass yeah
In other words I'm a bass-turd!
Looking at me like I killed Kenny
Gas in the tank yeah still plenty
No morals are instilled in me
So remorse I really don't feel any
Eat your heart out Hannibal
Understandable why you're jealous fucking animal
I got cannibal magnetism can't resist him now can ya hoe?
Shady I don't understand your flow.
Understand my flow?
Bitch I flow like Troy Polamalu's hair boy.
Don't you dare try to follow or compare boy.
I'm raw you ain't even medium rare
Stay the fuck outta my hair boy!
You can look you can stare and point
But you can't touch -- I'm too clairvoyant.
I don't get it man is there a void
All this weak shit what am I steroids?
Well bitch I'm back with some shit for that ass
And your trunk lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Aw man...
YeahÖ
You ever be in the club man you get in a fight
And people that you don't even know jump in?
You feel like you wanna hit something your fist clenches you're pissed
You just wanna get someone with shit jump on this
You're 'bout to get your shit pushed in I'm just inches away
From splitting your shit wide open no stitches can save
You'll die with your eyes open you hope this isn't the way
You end up going out but I guess it just is I'm afraid
Razors scissors and blades make Jason say 
On-lookers participate in this ass-kicking debate
That's starting to take place in the middle of the street
Little did you know there'd be an all-out brawl soon as you heard this beat
Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene but it's too late
It's absolute pandemonium
Whisked away in an ambulance is your fate
Nothing nobody told you when you left the house today
Could of made you anticipate
Such an ass-whipping okay
'til the anger dissipates
You get punched in the face reciprocate come on
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case
Anxious to get in some shit got your gangstas all with your ladies
You better go get your mace 'cause Shady said so
You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face
That's how fuckin' rowdy you feel now you still wanna grill?
If you don't wanna get the shit beat out of you chill
'Cause if you doubt me you will yeah got me a pill found me a thrill
I got a couple of drinks here and I'm bound to refill
Girl howdy how do you feel ma?
This cocksucker did not spill my drink oh hell nah
He must be trying to kill my buzz
I will not budge so what the deal ridaz?
Now here they all come and they got your back in like 2 seconds flat
And that's probably a record yeah you wasn't expecting that
'Cause they want in on the act there's a cognac bottle
We snuck it in 'cause the beer that they was serving here was only tap
I'm biting I fight dirty you might get kicked in the nuts
You're frightened like 
You're quite certain he's nuts I've hit myself in the face harder
Play smarter you may start her over you need a chainsaw to
Dig your way out or go powder your nose
Pussy the louder you yell the harder I slap the shit outta you hoes
You set it off faggot so now how do you 'spose
We settle it hit me in the nose we'll see how it goes
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
It's sheer hustle I bob weave deflate your beer muscles
We're tussling the crowd's starting to cheer us and
Adrenaline's rushing through us just like a geyser gushing
Too much Budweiser in my blood I'm strangling your windpipe for nothing
My signature ligature marks look at you all
Big with your remarks 'til I swing an icepick at your heart
At least that's what it feels like when I pick you apart
And dig at ya and break you down like the bitch that you are
The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car
The pain inflicted upon you is so sick it's Bizarre
Shit this is almost ridiculous addictive as far
As having me wanna rip out your fricking ligaments ah
You hit like a bitch you scratch me with your nails for that
You catch an open hand slap like a female like bap
In fact I'll have the crowd smacking you themselves
Where's D12? I don't feel like doing this by myself come on
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
Yeah lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Ladies and gentlemen make some noise!
Aww shit yeah
Y'all ready to get this shit started or what?
Aight well I brought some friends with me too
Now I ain't back just for the sake of just saying I'm back
I could relax but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks
Couple Xanax light a couple wax candles then black
Out and relapse 'til I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac
Burp bubbles attitude's immaturing
Double shot of Bacardi party vision is blurring
Whoa-oh I can't see shit my words get to slurring
Uh-oh! You can call me R. Kelly now you're in trouble!
What's occurring before after and during the show
Has no bearing on the bad news I'm bearing whoa
What is it wordplay? No I'm pushing you out the door
So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow
Now stomp your fuckin' feet 'til you get to squishing a hoe
It's pandemonium standing know when you see him oh
Damn baby you look good you're giving me wood
You should pull over like a sweat-shirt with a hood
It's neck work get her polly on you and me both
Break bread while I'm copping over this game to pinch a loaf
Now homie who's your favorite pain in the ass?
Who claims to be spitting the same flames as me? I'm Kanye when he crashed
In other words I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas
Destroyed the front end deployed the damn airbags from the dash
Went through 'em and laughed
Came back an hour after the accident and bit a goddamn Jawbreaker in half!
So stop faking the funk and start shaking your ass
Slaughterhouse in the house with the Caucasian of rap
And Just Blaze on the track what's the fuck's more amazing than that?
Slut answer me that Royce where you at?
I'm right here Fire Marshall verbal pair of pliers I pry apart you
Lump on your head designed by a bar stool
Designed by a cartoon
Before I need to be hired Jimmy Io' fire Marshall
The 9 tucked against the lining
I pull it out and flip your partner upside-down like y'all are a couple 69ing
It's like Rick James is shooting up your house nigga!
Fuck yo' couch nigga!
You're screaming  with your middle finger up
While I'm over here shoving my dick in a hole in the mud
My bitch know I'm perfectly fit for murder
Because I murdered her so you can call me Nickel to O.J. to Glove
I got a Posse of Insane Clowns
Blow your brains on your opposite ear and ask you how your brain sounds
Bad Evil we go Alfred E. Neuman mad cerebral
You on your last burrito!
 It's a wrap if you eating
Get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern
Slaughterhouse on fire nobody touching that
Good day and good night Ortiz yo where the fuck you at?
I'm right here in my Nike Airs Buzz Light-years
Ahead of my mic peers quite scary to look at a nightmare
Where my book at? I write fear in the heart of you tight squares
I harbor the art of you nice wear
It's type weird 'cause that made me hotter than my dear
Uncle Al's breath after polishing off his ninth beer
Homie chill listen I swear
I'm God I give tracks a Holy-feel and they bite ears
I'm right here why wouldn't I be?
Just waiting to be hooked to IV as Mumm-Ra's
Well when you look at my pee
And this joint no exception so just point a direction
And record the pig's oink when I rip his intestine
This isn't just an infection
This won't go away with penicillin injections
Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection what I exhibit
Seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it
Aw shiddit I did it again when I liddift this pen
I emitted this phlegm this time it's alongside Emiddinem
So tell a friend to tell a friend write a disgusting hook
Jump in shark water and swim yo where the fuck is Crook?
I'm right here letting the shottie pop quick as a karate chop
Get your body shot get your top chopped like a lollipop
Call it Maserati drop in the body shop
Get your mommy knocked and your Uncle Tommy molli-wopped
I take your life to the ninth inning
A knife in the gunfight I love it me and my knife winning
I laugh when you fall the shit'll be funny
I'll buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money
Man all the bitches holla - they wanna drop my britches
Then jaw on my dick and swallow leave drawers in this Impala
I ball like Iguodala I bear more arms than six koalas
As soon as I draw get sent to Allah
Bilinguist don I kill with the tongue I'm Atilla the Hun
I'm Genghis Khan I'm a genius spawn
I pillage your village for fun an egregious con
A syllable gun real as they come Long Beach Saddam!
Slaughterhouse equals swine flu lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I told the world one day I would pay it back
Say it on tape and lay it record it so that one day I could play it back
They ask me am I okay they ask me if I'm happy
Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me
This is a beat with no words at first itís a blank painting
Exercising the mind itís brain strength training
My motto is live by the bottle
So why is my supply low? Bring in a truckload with a high-low
My name is Chauncey Billups I'm kind of like a raunchy Phillips
Screwdriver my crew's live when you can't sleep and you're still up
I came in this game with bad intentions
And I ain't budged not even an inch since then
Lava on my lips I flips wake up think I have a cramp
I'm trying to shove the lava lamp up my father's ass
Got my self esteem back got my confidence up
I'm gonna step up on this stage now I'm gonna strut
Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up
But you just wonít listen will ya? Nah lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah yeah I get it
I run this rap shit now guess whoís back
You thought I left you now why would I do that? (1 2 3)
They keep on sayiní the same rappers are the best
Jay-Z and Kanye West maybe theyíre just tryna distract it
From the fact that Iím cominí back
Or maybe itís cause I ainít black maybe itís because of that
Maybe itís because Iím the highest selliní artist in rap
While Iím sittiní back in my office jackiní off to my plaques
Iím still sick how can I be sick this long
And Iím still alive Magic Johnson arise
I thrive on makiní my opponents think that Iíve died
Thatís when I just pop up outta nowhere oh yeah there we go there
Damn I forgot how much money he got
On the beach of Saint-Tropez but your man donít lay
In the sun cause I donít tan I burn oh boy goddamn did he score
To go from selliní bags to bottles right out the store
And Shady hit the box office man he knocked the socks off us
My ex-wife is set for life you profitless cocksuckers
So stay the fuck off us we make pay
Iím just a super easy modest MC okay?
Til I hear the word has been thatís when I start spazziní
Smart asses kiss a smarter ass then
Iím the best thing that ever happened to rap bastards
Iím a blonde Dre lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Obie the person that came up introverted
Cause of nervousness that was solely the only verdict
It was worth it cause he changed became so observant
Serving such of a purpose
If you knew him earlier in his days its like a different version
So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain
That's why there's curtains in this murder if you gettin' worked up
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher
I had enough of isolating myself in a room
Writing poems and songs doin' the same in school
Now look what he became a fool?
Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you
Living hard but still Juliard a god walks in but ain't spend a day in the pew
Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents
So welcome to the art department
I stimulate the brain mimic emulate the sane
Cinic keep em' thinking its a fucking gimmick when it ain't
Clinically insane brain is on Venus suck Uranus
Label me a genius if you ever seen us you would say
He may seem as though he's plain normal
If you ever meet him greet him with a shake see
He ain't as mean as what they say
See the thing is maybe he can't always think of things to say
So he's vague so they mistake him for just bein' crazed
You part ways your impression of him changed
You don't think he's strange you turn around and tell him 
Then you catch him flipping you off with his pants down
Hands around his scrotum tucking his fucking penis between his legs
Obie the person that came up introverted
Cause of nervousness that was solely the only verdict
It was worth it cause he changed became so observant
Serving such of a purpose
If you knew him earlier in his days its like a different version
So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain
That's why there's curtains in this murder if you gettin' worked up
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher
I had enough of isolating myself in a room
Writing poems and songs doin' the same in school
Now look what he became a fool?
Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you
Living hard but still Juliard a god walks in but ain't spend a day in the pew
Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents
So welcome to the art department
Its all psychologic why am I so maniacal
Am I psycho or some kind of psychotic stick
Or am I truly psychotic or my molecules just diabolical
Cause biologically I defy logic bye golly hall me off  on a trolly probably wanna cracker I'm back on the wacky tobacco
I'm a step away from crack Obie smack the shit outta me
I'm so slap happy man snap me back to reality
Ima walking art gallery a science museum
Elephantiasis of the nuts you probably die if you see em
I pull em out they hit the ground and probably crack the cement lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up
But you just won't listen will ya nah I guess not
You just can't can ya man I can't stand ya
You're rotten what you plottin' for us?
Man when are you gonna let up
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better
Holy toledo it's Angelina Jolie amigo
She told me yo Shady just hand your penis to me I'll deep throat
And Brad if you try to stand between us then we're gonna see bro
Who was a fantasy I don't mean to damage your ego
You faggots wanna rassle I shove a fucking jar of vaseline up inside your asshole
And rope it shut with a lasso
Couple of crushed lexapro broken up wit the capsule or paxil
Just incase I ain't dope enough wit the raps though
Coke is cut with tobacco
Smoke it up then go wacko
This is what happens when you mix a cocunut with tabasco
Shady let go the hoe has been choked up enough
Let her ass go
Not till Jessica Simpson lets go of the tuna casserole
I used to love her hooters now Carmen Elektra cuter
Strap an extension cord to her arm and electrocute her
I'm off my fucking meds but I'm on an electric scooter
I might just scoot by and shoot my mum in the neck with rugers
Spit in Jasons face while I vomit on Freddy Krugar
They can't even get Jeffrey Dahmer to pet the cougar
Now I'm gone get the rectal thermometer get the lubra-
cation and get the patient some Darvocet to chew cuz
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
B.o.B I done told you once homie to easy up geez
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
Cause I will never lay down?
And I will never let up?
With the soul of a Sharman
I leave the beat than vomit
Like a bullemic woman with an uneasy stomach
I pass by people on the street they seem like sheep and zombies
Stiffer than a therapeutic pair of jeans you run in
So can you hear me coming
Eminem this beat is absolutely disgusting
It's probably go diseases on it
I'm just being honest I can see the comments
I can see the evolution as we creep up on it
I put that music in your veins like a needle junkie
Shit I just do this for the haters I don't need the money
I diarrhea on track so it needs plunging
Somebody tell these girls please release my undies
Nobody really understands my language
I find it complicated just to hold a conversation
But still I got a whole lot of patience
Sittin' back watching Earth from my Space station
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up
But you just won't listen will ya nah I guess not
You just can't can ya man I can't stand ya
You're rotten what you plottin' for us?
Man when are you gonna let up
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better
Oh my gosh I put Natasha Bendingfield in a washer
Watch it go from rinse to spin cycle
Its like I got ya hypnotising like I gotcha
I gotcha pychologically fucked
Michael would like an apology what
Tell that psycho to stick a Tyco truck and a white tricycle up his butt
And glue the seat of bicycle to his nuts
I'm as cold as a muthafucking icicle on my nut
I aint nuttin' nice man I like to pull knives and I like to cut
The poster addict for post tramatic stress
I guess this is the most dramatic I've been in a while
This is the closest that its come to the Marshall Mathers
I can hear him start to gather
I don't paint the portrait of the picture perfect Partridge family
This ain't your orphan Annie no this is more uncanny
Kick down Dakota Fannings front door while the whore is tanning
Of course he can man he just saw her fanny then murdered her while he danced around the room and wore her panties
There's no need to say shit you already know
The question is just how far will this go
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man I done told you once homie to easy up
But you just won't listen will ya nah I guess not
You just can't can ya man I can't stand ya
You're rotten lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
Man I got everything candy-painted
Candy-painted tint shit's so dark
I'd be lying if I said I ain't hit
at least nine of my friends
Plus I got so much candy paint in my rims
Paint be flyin' off my car
Be candy paintin' the neighborhood kids
I got that whole block lookin' like it's Candyland
Ask about me man they be like there go the candy man
I park the car in the garage and go in and
Come back the next mornin'
The rims are still spinnin'
Hit the wheels on that Phantom man that shit looks like the Batmobile
32-inch rims shit I ain't even got no wheels
Custom-fitted custom-kitted wood grain
Custom everything what's that on the seat?
Custom mustard stain
Now let's go hit the mall y'all know that we finna ball
Get out the car they be like "Ah there go them superstars!"
Hit every single store flash a fucking wad of cash
but I ain't buying shit bitch
Kiss my candy-painted ass
We...
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Hit the corner liquor store
To get Corona tip the owners
Sipped it on the way out as I dipped I wanna rip the road up
And I'ma hit the cinema and I'ma get the hoes
When I be it I be it shit anything goes
I'm ballin' out of control girls know I'm loaded with dough
But shit I'm stingy as fuck
I'm fuckin' stingy as hoes
These bitches don't get a crumb and it come
but I'm like what up
Shut up bitch sit up get up off them knees
My candy paint's enough
If you're lucky I'll let you hug me but that's all you get
Then I'ma split disappear a cloud of smoke is all you see
Yeah...
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
Bitch get the fuck out my car if we ain't finna fuck
I'm horny as fuck bitch are you suckin' my dick or what?
I'll fuck a chick in the butt I really don't give a shit
Is pretty Marshall gonna have to go choke me a bitch?
You fuckin' keyed up my Benz
Bitch I beat up my friends
Don't think I won't beat a bitch
I'll kick a six-year-old in the ribs
You fuckin' retard I'll have you suckin' farts out my seat
I'll teach you not to know how to control your bowels when you eat
What the fuck do you think that colostomy bag is for looks?
I ain't waste nine bullets on you for you to not sing no hooks
I fuckin' take a Make a Wish Foundation patient with me
How 'bout some coke inside of your saline solution IV?
Turn around and use it on me
You tryna snort on my keys?
You fuckin' broad get in back you're comin' to Florida with me
Tell your momma I'ma drop you off at the hospital later
We finna make this run
Take this gun and cover me lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Fame fame fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game game game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name name name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!
This the life of a rocker
jagermeister and vodka
Hoppin' off of the club's balcony
Into the crowd surfin'
And when they drop me I'm randomly sockin' fans
And when my interviews in hockey masks
Slap the journalists on their ass
I'm high off speed
Drivin' my car at high speed
Pocket full of weed while lesbians follow me
I'm in the studio envy
My h & m gon' call for me
Cause I fell asleep on the soundboard ain't get us off a week
So let's Bang!! all up in my head
Get 'em back ungrateful dead
Bustin' in the air with 30 bitches up in my bed
I'm kickin' 'em out naked and this the sympathy
Just ask me why I did it well fuck it I can't remember
Fame fame fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game game game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name name name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!
Some boys are wallin
Drinkin' cussin' and hyper smilin'
Been ridin' for days tour bus look like ryker's island
Hand me jack daniel's spray paintin' the die hard fan
Little cocker spaniel fresh out of the damn zoo
Man you better be conscious I'm backstage
Livin' it up with a couple of sluts feelin' nautious
We're drinkin' it's been a couple of days since I've slept
My dick is sore from fuckin' when I bust there's nothin' left
Just dust back on the stage give me my microphone
Strappin' with the audience as we perform hypersong
Our label presented us with a plaque
Brought it on stage and bashed it to pieces with an aluminum bats stanks
Now which one of you bitches down for the cause
Yeah I said my dick is sore but I ain't say shit about my balls
Last call then we off to the next city yeah
Whatever I didn't drink on my bladder pack it up and take the rest with me
Fame fame fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game game game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name name name
You gon' have reason to hate me
Yeahhhheahhh
It's like. you. don't. want. me to win
So. this. time. I'm goin' in!
Yeah this game has got me goin' crazy
Fuck it I am crazy
What's new what kinda fuckin' glue you'd think I'd be if I was glue
We lost proof he was our crew's glue
But where was you when we were fallin' apart
You were shittin on us too
But no one but us knew we were beefin'
Cause that's what happens when you beef with crew
It stays in the crew cause it's just crew
But we're back now yeah we took our time while our blood grew
Only thing we're in a hurry for now is to rush you!
And we're back these days if you don't got the guts or the nuts to
Pussy go pick your pussy leaves off your cunt tree fuck you
Ahh choo!
Bless you! I'm allergic to pussy sluts too
Yeah you think you the shit till we flush you
Have some bullshit to readjust
Still got a just a few of us left but it'd be unjust to rob us our just due
So rest in peace to Bugz and proof
This one's for you homies we love you
But we can't stop now we done had too much of our blood drew from this...
Fame fame fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game game game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
Keep speaking my name name lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Put it on my wee wee!
Banana strawberry pineapple orange! 
Got a dick it's as big as a banana
I try to control it but I can't.
It's too tough it's like an AK flip banana.
You better watch out Hannah Montana!
Man what's the matter? Have you no manners? 
You know the girl from Juno's address?
Yeah I'm a prob'ly go to jail for that.
Now I got the cops on my tail for that!
Run up on your car with a stale banana
In your tail pipe can't believe you fell for that.
It coulda been a Molotov Cocktail for that.
Wait a minute man! What the hell was that?
I heard a noise where you goin'? What are you bananas?!
You can't go back there stupid ass!
I just seen a woman in a Freddy Krueger mask.
Who the fuck are you Superman?
All you have is a little stupid can
Of whipped cream what the hell you gonna do with that?
I'm a put it on my wee wee. Ooh good answer!
A super bonanza extravaganza.
Man go ahead what you waitin' for?
You better get them clothes off baby boy.
Come on! Let's go! We're gonna make a porn!
Ready set go! Hit play record!
Are you ready? - You better hold the camera steady.
She's pro'ly back there with a damn machete!
She's pro'ly gonna eat you like canned spaghetti
She's pro'ly gonna kill ya; still wanna check see?
Have a little quick look? - Go on?
She's pro'ly six foot tall like bigfoot the hell with that?
We probably should run don't dare look back!
We probably probably probably
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
But you probably didn't know that did ya?
Now what ya gonna do when she gets ya?
I ain't goin' with ya forget ya!
Quit tryna hold my hand mista'!
Pretend she's your little sista'! - Little sista'! 
Might as well take the whipped cream with ya
And when you see her make sure you get a picture!
We could try to make another 
A beastiality porno with smoothies.
It's Eerie but here comes Zack and Miri
The  his back is hairy.
But she don't care they're attractive very
Very sexually active very.
No Zack! Don't go back in there!
It's too late now she's grabbin' hair!
He screams:  - Grabs a mirror
But stop just ain't in her vocabular.
"Get off me please! Get off me stop!"
Ballin' back at a coffee shop.
They go non-stop. - She says: 
He says:  - She says: 
Back and forth they scream and shout.
Yeah boy; let them demons out!
It's the kinda nightmare you dream about
Uh-oh! Now the whipped cream is out.
I get sick thoughts. - Sick sick thoughts.
The things you could do with your lipstick gloss.
Put it on my dick 'til the tip looks orange.
Bitch keep going! - Bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I'm a goat
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and I consider myself one of those
so thank you very much here it goes!
This is the part I was worried about
everyone thinks that my career is down the tubes
and I'm in some dusty garage inhaling them carbon monoxide fumes
and everyone's telling me what I should do
and how I should come out and what to rap about
and I know I got a lot up in my medulla oblongata that I gotta get out
and I'm not sure how this is gonna come off
they're probably gonna think that I'm coming off as cocky 
like I just started giving a fuck what you really think about me
see the thing about me
is you don't really know a thing about me
everyone's making a stink about me
like there's some kind of a aura of that of the king around me
surround me with nothin' but gangsters killers and bangers
and the most dangerous criminals
and I feel like I'm more comfortable around them than I do my own motherfuckin' neighbors
but see my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when I leave
but why does it seem like I'm not even put up in the same category as other emcees?
so when Weezy says that he's better than Jay-z
please be that just subliminally
means he thinks Jigga's the best and that he's
the only one up in that league see
and it's easy just to consider me one of the greatest white rappers there is
knowing god damn well that I'm one of the best motherfucking rappers who ever lived period.
I'm a goat
and I don't mean to gloat
but I know what I know and I know what you think
and these magazines'll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat?
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and I consider myself one of those
so thank you very much here it goes!
Maybe they figure that I'm on my way out the game
so they gotta go try to find em a new Eminem
or a new Shady if they think it's gonna happen
man I thought I was crazy
or maybe I could be takin' it wrong and they're tryna pay homage to me in a strange way
so let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way
see you hardly ever do hear anyone even bringing up that Paul Wall's white
cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone see he's just aight
and Bubba Sparxxx he just won't write
because he's so caught up in that snow white
that Timbaland can't even get him in the studio
he's so gone off that coke right
and it's so sad cause he's dope right
America's next great white hope right
so now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny ass white rapper show right
and which I'm still havin' mixed feelings about
they said it'd be real I'm just spillin' it out
there's somethin' about a white boy talking black and runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth
and I love when the say that Tiger Woods shit
and I'm the one who's gotta catch all the flack offa' that
but these are the people who never had heard of an Eminem until 8 Mile had came out
but I had already hit middle America
Parents had all got to likin' me now
when suddenly I wasn't such a bad guy
all of the hatred for me must've died
thought I committed career suicide so I had to turn back into the bad guy
so faggoty faggoty faggoty gays
and anatomy God made Raggedy Ann and Andy
not Raggedy Andy and Andy and Andy
and Angelina Jolie is just another ho
and Brad is a sucka' because once I fuck her
she wants to go to Somalia to adopt another baby
you know what I say? No
You better save some of them kids from Madonna
she needs all the publicity she can get
you want a Shady? Well you got it man
I ain't apologizin' for shit.
I'm a goat
and I don't mean to gloat
but I know what I know and I know what you think
and these magazines'll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat?
and for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and I consider myself one of those
so thank you very much here it goes!
Man I'm takin' my ball and goin' home man
shit is too easy
nobody even wants to pass me the ball cause
so don't worry I'm out the motherfuckin' game
and y'all can sit and argue about who's the motherfuckin' best
but y'all know that
and like I said I'm one of the motherfuckin' best
before you get your panties in a motherfuckin' bunch
but before I go I'd like to say fuck you very much to everybody who wasn't there from the start
and thank you very much to everybody who was
and y'all ain't gotta say it just think it
cause I know that you know that I know that you know that I know that you know
I'm out y'all
it's been real lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I'm a little nutty and I know it
but if you go back and
take a look at my history
you will see that I'm
not the only one who's off his rocker
there were many before me 
I was always labelled
the black sheep of the family what a bad seed I
grow to be but if you take a look
at us now you'll see the apple didn't fall too far from the tree
 alright look
I'ma tell you the story
from my side maybe you'll understand check it out 
you done witnessed
unexplainable shit
too insane to explain
people run from what
the just don't get
maybe Shady shoulda
just hit 'em with a little bit
did I spit too soon?
Should I of spoon fed 'em it?
but I was just so eager
to prove I was even worth
being in the same
league or the room with of the people
of whom I was in every now and then I
look up like I was seeking approval
was it because of the
pigment of my skin
or was it a figment of
my imagination
maybe it bothered me
more than it did them
maybe it wasn't a big
deal back then
but to me it was see
what it was was
I had developed the
complex from being judged
Proof spit his verse
now I'm next let's see who
I'm in the booth
staring back to see who's mugs
I get a reaction from
usually the first thumb was from
Proof
and the rest of the
group backed him up
and no one lied to
each other cause none of us had deals
it was real we just
wanted tickets for that meal
Sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree
I said ...
sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree
Ever since my mother
was pregnant
with her second egg
cause she said
that I had a baby sister
who fell out of the window
I was too young to remember
Kansas City projects
I was like 5 6 and how come
I remember Malcolm
Isaac and Boogie
if it was the projects in Missouri?
cause those're my best
friends until Isaac
took my tricycle and
my uncle Todd went to try to go get it back
and ended up getting
jumped and cut in the gut with a
switch and 70-some stitches
which is still to this day
why my mother still
tries to show me some old fake picture
of a fictitious little
sister who never existed and this is why part of
my life's so twisted
but I can never be as
sick as that bitch is
and by the way that
picture's one of my relatives
Sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree
I said ...
sometimes I feel like
it's just me
sometimes I feel like
I'm going crazy
but take a look at my
family
cause the apple don't
fall too far from the tree
You probably have to
peel back layers upon layers of
pain to see why everything
I say is so insane
what's different about my brain that separates me
from other players in this game? on the surface it may
seem like a scheme or some sort of scam
for me to get some damn sympathy
but that's the last thing
I need is for people
to walk around feeling
sorry for me 
and I'm not a G never
claimed to be
I gave my vest to
Cashis
he'll need it more than me
but we'll see cause we ain't lookin' for beef
but if it comes our
way what do we lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Thanks it's been real
I love you but I just can't deal
With the stress this game is giving me...
But before I go
You know
I can't close the show
Without no closure
So before I leave...
Yeah
I just want to take the time out
to basically say
Rest In Peace
to Deshaun Holton
That's my heart man
Dr Dre
For giving me the oppurtunity
just to even listen to me
to get me to this point
I'd like to thank Jimmy Iovine
Interscope Aftermath 
everybody in the whole Shady staff
everybody whose basically supported me from day one
Paul Rosenburg Tracy Mcnew
You know I love you guys
I couldn't do it all without you
D12
Cashis your gonna be a beast when you get out there man
trust me homey my ears don't lie to me
who else am i forgetting
Oh yeah Obie Trice
Bobby Creekwater and basically man
the whole city of Detroit
8 mile road for making what I am today
Which basically goes back to proof & D12
I love you guys man
you where there when shit got thick
Oh it wouldnt be complete If i didn't
thank my mom lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Some people ask me where Iíve been lately
They thought I fell off nobody could save me
I play in the background I donít back down
So donít get it twisted tryna play me
First I come out they underate me
Then I come back still try to fade me
They say Iím nasty say Iím crazy
Ask what I think I say maybe
I fly away
It ainít nothiní in my way so I may aswell fly away
It ainít nothiní else to say so I may aswell fly away
I know you wanna see me down but we aint gon die today
Cos Iíve been to the top and thereís nowhere else to go
The only way to see me is if you lookiní up from down below
And thereís nothiní else to say so I may aswell fly away
And thereís nothiní in my way so I may aswell fly away
Iím on top of this thing so i may aswell fly away
Got my self esteem back got my confidence up
Iíma step up on the stage now Iím gonna strut
And walk around with my pants hanging over my butt
And you aint gotta tell me notiní boy get off of my nuts
It goes one for the money two for the show
My shit donít stink I dont think so
Wipe my ass with a tissue and roll it back up in a roll
Are you ready now here we go
The bald eagle has landed
Iím back in ya hair sorry for leaviní you stranded
Im twice as dread and evil and rancid
They cant sit I donít think anybody understands it
Especially when the Worlds silly putty in ya hands its playdough
I aint got to play though they say I died in a fatal
Car crash shows what they know
Shit if I did itíd be a trailer not a car
The white trash star
I fuckin RV up like Brett Favre
Homie you got it backwards your dippin your soup inside ya crackers
I can carry rap til my back hurts
Set it down go right back to the Chiropractors
Get my back right
Now Iím right back on you bastards
I was chasiní the dragon I dont know what happened
It was like the feeliní I had when I first started rappiní
I just couldínt seem to get back and recapture that magic
So I went back to the lab thats where Iíve been at when...
Some people ask me where Iíve been lately
They thought I fell off nobody could save me
I play in the background I donít back down
So donít get it twisted tryna play me
First I come out they underate me
Then I come back still try to fade me
They say Iím nasty say Iím crazy
Ask what I think I say maybe
I fly away
It ainít nothiní in my way so I may aswell fly away
It ainít nothiní else to say so I may aswell fly away
I took a hiatus haters now Iím back to cause trouble
Got the fucking shape of mushroom clouds for thought bubbles
Im the *bang* you aint fuckin sick
The hospital wonít even give you cough drops for course cocksucker
You think your hot you aint even luke warm
My pubes hotter than you
Your soft I use fire to cool me off
I told em Iíll grow up one day and show ëem Iíd be able to choke clouds
Pick up lighteniní bolts and throw ëem
Take the world by storm with these words I form
Georgie porgie kissed the girls make the girls cry for em
Make ëem swarm make ëem fight over the shirts Iíve worn
Sworn over my sweat towels its mind blowin
Yes Im liviní the dream homie cant nothiní compare
Iím so up Iím stuck in mid air Iím loviní it yeah
Its like these people are steps now all they do is stare
These haters is so pussy theyíre afraid to be scared
This is pay back like I owe ëem back pay
They spat in my face now Iím back to do them the same exact way
And leave this rap game with a bad taste
And slap it back out before I step back out of this crap thanks
Slap me now Iím slapping ëem back hey! fuck it weíll slap back
But yeh okay now weíll talk cause Iím smack ay
And I aint looking back infact they can stare at my ass crack
Howís that for hindsight lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
It's like I'm in this dirt digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you it won't work
All it takes is one song on the radio you're right back on it
Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off
And left me so burnt spent a lot of time trying to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I am coming for closure
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed for
The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh you thought it was over
You could just close the chapter
And go about your life like it was nothing
You ruined mine but you seem to be doing fine
Well I've never recovered but tonight I betcha that whatcha
'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges mind saying "Let it go fuck this."
Heart's saying "I will once I bury this bitch alive.
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset."
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth
But it's easier to justify
What's bad is good
And I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
And to think I used to think you was the shit bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshiped shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time you better go and get the sewing kit bitch
Finish this stitch so you can reap what you sew  knit wit
Thought some time had past and I'd forget it forget it!
You left our family in shambles
You expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed
May be gone but he's not forgotten
And don't think 'cause he's been out the picture so long
That I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him same shit you did to me cold
Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through?
Feelings I harbor all this pent-up resentment I hold on to
Not once you call to ask me how I'm doing
Letters you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it I'm coming to see you
And gee who better to talk to than you?
The 'cause of my problems
My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof then I'm gone voosh
And...
I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth
But it's easier to justify
What's bad is good
And I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
I've been driving around your side of this town
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Finally I found your new address park in your drive
Feel like I been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived and my mouth is fulla' saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
See it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya
But I ain't here for ya empathy I don't need your apology
Or your friendship or sympathy it's revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
Like I reach my full potentialñI peeked
Continue to peep still bent low
Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo
Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
Man door handles unlocked shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Gag chloroform rag dag almost hack-up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung
Stick to the core plan dragged to the back of a trunk
By one of your fans irony's spectacular huh?
Now who's a faggot you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat you can have that shit back 'cause they suck
It's just me you and the music now Slim
I hope you hear it we're in a car right now
Wait here comes my favorite lyric
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
And hey here's a sequel to my Mathers LP
Just to try to get people to buy
Well how's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun
Last album now 'cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M
Matthew Mitchell bitch I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother but fuck it
Since you're in love with your city so much
I figured what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits time is quite near
I hope we don't get stopped no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
As cops appear in my driver's side mirror
(Oh God police! Ah!)
Hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot at least
New plan Stan
Slim "chauvinist pig drove in this big Lincoln town car!"
Well gotta go almost at the bridge haha big bro it's for you
Slim this is for him and Frank Ocean hope you can swim good!
Now say you hate homos again!
I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep in and then woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope it's hopeless I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approaching its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over here we go all over again
Back's to the wall I'm stacking up all them odds toilet's clogged
Yeah 'cause I'm talking a lotta shit but I'm backing it all up
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished
I'm the ringing in your ears
I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eating your vocal chords after your concerts
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
Grab for some water but I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
I'm the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on you every woman you insult batter
But the double-standards you have when it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
'Cause Marshall Mathers the rapper's persona's half a faÁade and
Matthew and Stan just symbolic of you not knowing what you had 'til it's gone
'Cause after all the glitz and the glam no more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off sad but it happens to all of them
I'm the hindsight to say 
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you don't stop after they call you
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
When it's time to walk away
I'm every guilt trip the baggage you have
But as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
Unless it makes an impact then don't bother
So before you rest your case
Better make sure you're packing a wallop
So one last time I'm back
Before it fades into black and it's all over
Behold the final chapter in the saga
Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hurry the fuck up!
Thank you!
Go go go 
What the fuck are you doing?
Mothafucker bail on me? Fuck you!
Aw you gotta be fucking kidding me...
Are you fucking kidding me?
Shit!
Get off
The parking lot
Shit ah!
(Let me see your hands lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
 Marshall
 I don't have one
My mother reproduced like the Komodo Dragon
And had me on the back of a motorcycle
Then crashed in the side of locomotive with rap I'm loco
It's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun
Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum
About to explode all over the canvas
Back with the Yoda of rap in a spasm
(Follow you must Rick Rubin my little Padawan)
A Jedi in training colossal brain and thoughts of entertaining
But docile and impossible to explain and I'm also vain and
Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting
Puke Skywalker but sound like Chewbacca when I talk
Full of such blind rage I need a seeing eye dog
Can't even find the page I was writing this rhyme on 
Its on a rampage couldn't see what I wrote I write small
 Ever since I drove a 79 Lincoln with white walls
Had a fire in my heart and a dire desire to aspire to die hard
So as long as I'm on the clock punching this time card
Hip hop ain't dying on my watch
But sometimes when I'm sleeping she comes to me in my dreams
Is she taken? Is she mine? Don't got I don't care don't have two shits to give
Let me take you by the hand to promise land and threaten everyone
'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing
Nah  Marshall
 I don't know him but I wonder
 Ha ha
(Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?)
NO
If he had he wouldn't have ended up in these rhymes on my pad
I wouldn't be so mad my attitude wouldn't be so bad yeah dad
I'm the epitome and the prime example of what happens
When the power of the rhyme falls into the wrong hands and
Makes you want to get up and start dancing
Even if it is Charles Manson who just happens to be rapping
Blue lights flashing laughing all the way to the bank
Lamping in my K-Mart mansion I'm in the style department
With a pile in my cart ripping the aisle apart
With great power comes absolutely no responsibility for content
Completely despondent and condescending
The king of nonsense and controversy is on a
Beat killing spree your honor I must plead
Guilty 'cause I sparked a revolution
Rebel without a cause who caused the evolution of rap
To take it to the next level boost it
But several rebuked it and whoever produced it
 Is that me? It belongs to me?
'Cause I just happen to be a white honky devil with two horns
That don't honk but every time I speak you hear a beep?
But lyrically I never hear a peep not even a whisper
Rappers better stay clear of me bitch
'Cause it's theÖ
It's the time of the season when hate runs high
And this time I won't give it to you easy
When I take back what's mine with pleasured hands
And torture everyone that is my plan my job here isn't done
'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing
 Shady
 I don't give a fuck but I wonder
 Doubt it ha
(Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?)
So yeah dad let's walk
Let's have us a father and son talk
But I bet we wouldn't probably get one block
Without me knocking your block off
This is all your fault
Maybe that's why I'm so bananas
I appeal to all those walks of life
Whoever had strife
Maybe that's what dad and son talks are like
'Cause I related to the struggles of Young America
When their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles
Now they're ripping out their fucking hair again
It's hysterical I chuckle
'Cause everybody bloodies their bare knuckles
Yeah uh oh better beware knuckle heads
The sign on my hustle says 
The door's broken it won't lock
It might just fly open get cold-cocked
You critics come pay to me a visit
Misery loves company please stay a minute
Kryptonite to a hypocrite
Zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it
Too busy getting stoned in your glass house
To kick rocks then you wonder why I lash out
Mister Mathers as advertised on the flyers
So spread the word 'cause I'm promoting my passion 'til I'm passed out
Completely brain dead Rainman
Doing the Bankhead in a restraint chair
So bitch shoot me a look it better be a blank stare
Or get shanked in the pancreas I'm angrier than
All 8 of the reindeer put together with Chief Keef
'Cause I hate every fucking thing yeah
Even this rhyme bitch and quit tryna look
For a fucking reason for it that ain't there
I still am a criminal
Ten year old degenerate grabbing on my genitals
The last Mathers LP done went diamond
This time I'm predicting that this one will go emerald
When will the madness end how can it when
There's no method the pad and pen
The only message that I have to send
Is "Dad lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
You fucking groupie pick up the goddamn phone.
Bitch where the fuck were you Tuesday? With who you say?
I wasn't at the studio bitch what'cha do screw Dre?
You went there looking for me? Boo that excuse is too lame
Keep playin' me you gon' end up with a huge goose egg
You fake lyin' slut you never told me you knew Drake
And Lupe? you wanna lose two legs?
You tryin' to flip this on me? If I spent more time with you you say
OK yeah and I'm coo-coo ay?
Well screw you and I'll be the third person who screwed you today
Oh fourth- Dre Drake Lupe oohm touche
Well you're too two-faced for me thought you was my number one true blue ace
But you ain't
And I can't see you when you make that wittle boo-boo face
'Cause I'm hangin' up this phone boo you make my fuckin' blue tooth ache
You feelin' blue too late
Go smurf yourself you make me wanna smurf and puke blue Kool Aid
Here's what you say to someone you hate
My life would be so much better if you'd just drop dead
I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better
Think I just relapsed this bitch pushed me over the brink
Hop on the freeway tryin' to get some time alone and just think
Till the cops pulled me over but they let me go 'cause I told 'em I'm only drivin' drunk 'cause that bitch drove me to drink
I'm back on my fuck hoe's with a whole new hatred for blondes
But bias? I hate all bitches the same baby come on
Excuse the pun but bitch is such a 'broad' statement and I'm
Channelin' my anger through every single station that's on
'Cause a woman broke my he-art I say he-art
'Cause she ripped it in two pa-arts and threw it in the garbage
Who you think you a-are bitch?
Guess it's time for me to get the dust off and pick myself up off the carpet
But I'll never say the L word again
I lo-lo-lo-lo lesbian
Aaahhh I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
My life'd be so much better if you just
My life would be so much better if you'd just drop dead
I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better
'Cause you told me you'd love me forever bitch that was a lie
Now I never wanted someone to die so bad in my fuckin' life
But fuck it there's other fish in the sea
And I'm a have a whale of a time being a single sailor
For the night bitch on a scale a
One to ten shit I must be the holy grail of
Catches hoe I got an Oscar attached to my fuckin' name 
I might hit the club find a chick that's tailor
Made for me say fuck it kick some shots back git hammered and nail her
These bitches tryin' get attached but there failin' to latch onto the tail of
My bumper they're scratchin' at the back of my trailer
Like I'm itchin' to get hitched yeah I'm rich as a bitch
But bitches ain't shit I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch
Bitch you complain when you listen to this
But you still throw yourself at me that's what I call pitchin' a bitch
That's why I'm swingin' at these chicks on-site
Long as I got a bat and two balls it's 'foul' but my dicks on 'strike'
So all that love shit is null and void bitch I'm a droid
I avoid Cupid stupid. Wasn't for blow jobs you'd be unemployed
Oye yoy-yoy
Man oh man your boy-boy-boy's
Gettin' sick of these girls-girls-girls oink oink oink
You fuckin' pigs all you're good for is doink doink doink
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one
She's all 99 of 'em I need a machine gun
I'll take 'em all out I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
Have a heart attack and just
Drop dead and I'm a throw a fuckin' party after this
'Cause yes...
My life would be so much better if you'd just drop dead
I was layin' in bed last night thinkin' and this thought just popped in my head
And I thought wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? I would feel so much better
I'm just playin' bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah.
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all
Wasn't ready to be no millionaire I was ill-prepared
I was prepared to be ill though the skill was there
From the beginning it wasn't 'bout the ends
It was 'bout busting raps and standing for something fucking acronym
Cut the fucking act like you're happy I'm fucking back again
With another anthem why stop when it doesn't have to end?
It ain't over 'til I say it's over ñ enough when I say enough
Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up
I'm afraid of what'll happen to them wolves
When the thought of being thrown into an alligator pit I salivate at it
Wait is up hands up like it's 12 noon nah homie
Hold them bitches straighter up wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff
Came up rough came to ruffle feathers nah egos
I ain't deflate enough last chance to make this whole stadium erupt 'cause
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all
I can see the finish line with each line that I finish
I'm so close to my goals I can almost pole vault over the goal post
And if I don't got enough in the tank maybe I can just siphon enough
To fill up this last can man will I survive in this climate or what?
They said I was washed up and got a blood bath
I'm not a rapper I'm an adapter I can adjust
Plus I can just walk up to a mic and just bust
So floor's open if you'd like to discuss
Top 5 in this motherfucker and if I don't make the cut
What like I give a fuck I will light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck
To the side of a pump 0 to 60 hop in and gun it
Like G-Unit without the hyphen I'm hyping 'em up
And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut
And I look like I might just give up eh might've mistook
Me for bowing out I ain't taking a bow I'm stabbing myself
With a fucking knife in the gut while I'm wiping my butt!
'Cause I just shitted on the mic and I like getting cut
I get excited at the sight of my blood you're in a fight with a nut
'Cause I'mma fight 'til I die or win
Biting the dust it'll just make me angrier wait
Let me remind you of what got me this far picture me quitting
Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it slut
It's survival of what?
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all
So get your ideas stack your ammo
But don't come unless you come to battle
Now mount up jump in the saddle
This is it it's what you eat sleep piss and shit
Live breathe your whole existence just consists of this
Refuse to quit fuse is lit can't diffuse the wick
I don't do this music shit I lose my shit
Ain't got shit to lose it's the moment of truth
It's all I know how to do as soon as I get thrown in the booth I spit
But my respect is overdue I'm showing you the flow no one do
'Cause I don't own no diploma for school I quit!
So there's nothing for me to fall back on I know no other trade
So you better trade your fucking mics in for some tool-box-es
'Cause you'll never take my pride from me
It'll have to be pried from me so pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers!
But I want you to doubt me I don't want you to believe
'Cause this is something that I must use to succeed
And if you don't like me then fuck you!
Self esteem must be fucking shooting through-the-roof 'cause trust me
My skin is too thick and bullet proof to touch me
I can see why the fuck I disgust you
I must be allergic to failure 'cause every time I come close to it
I just sneeze lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Tell me where to go tell me what to do
I'll be right there for you
Tell me what to say no matter if it's true
I'll say it all for you
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in?
'Cause I don't belong in this world
That's why I'm scoffing at authority defiant often
Flying off at the handle at my mom no dad
So I am non-compliant at home at school I'm just shy and awkward
And I don't need no goddamn psychologist
Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlying problems
Thinking he can try and solve them
I'm outside chalking up drawings on the sidewalk
And in the front drive talking to myself
Either that or inside hiding off in the corner somewhere quiet
Trying not to be noticed 'cause I'm crying and sobbing
I had a bad day at school so I ain't talking
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fucking locker
'Cause he said that I eyeballed him
And if you fall I'll get you there
I'll be your savior from all the wars that are fought
Inside your world
Please have faith in my words
'Cause this is my legacy legacy eh
This is my legacy legacy eh
There's no guarantee
It's not up to me
We can only see
This is my legacy legacy
Legacy legacy
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin?
'Cause sporadic as my thoughts come it's mind boggling
'Cause I obsess on everything in my mind small shit
Bothers me but not my father he said Sayonara then split
But I don't give a shit I'm fine long as
There's batteries in my Walkman nothing's the matter with me
Shit look on the bright side at least I ain't walking
I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
Complex on a ten speed which I've acquired parts that I
Find in the garbage a frame then put tires on it
Headphones on look straight ahead if kids try and start shit
But if this is all there is for me life offers
Why bother even try and put up a fight it's nonsense
But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
What about them rhymes I've been jottin'
They're kinda giving me confidence
Instead of tryna escape through my comics
Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
Say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eyeballed him
Grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on bitch
Who would've knew from the moment I turned the mic on that
I could be iconic and my conquest
Is word to Phife Dawg from a tribe called Quest
This is my legacy legacy eh
This is my legacy legacy eh
There's no guarantee
It's not up to me
We can only see
This is my legacy legacy
Legacy legacy
I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky is falling
Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome
'Cause if I wasn't I wouldn't be able to work
Words like this and connect lines like crosswords
And use my enemy's words as strength
To try and draw from and get inspired off em
'Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit
By you wack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit
Now you shut up bitch I am talking
Thought I was full of horseshit and now
You fucking worship the ground in which I am walking
Me against the world so what? I'm Brian Dawkins
Versus the whole 0 and 16 Lions offense
So bring on the Giants Falcons and Miami Dolphins
It's the body bag game bitch I'm supplying coffins
'Cause you dicks butt kiss a bunch of Brian Baldingers
You gon' die a ball licker I've been diabolical
With this dialogue since 99 Rawkus
You don't respect the legacy I leave behind y'all can
Suck a dick the day you beat me pigs'll fly out my ass
In a flying saucer full of Italian sausage
The most high exalting and I ain't halting
Till I die of exhaustion inhale my exhaust fumes
The best part about me is I am not you
I'm me and I'm the Fire Marshall and this is my
Legacy legacy eh
This is my legacy legacy eh
There's no guarantee it's not up to me we can only see
This is my legacy legacy
Legacy lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain
An asshole that role think I succeeded fulfillin'
But don't think I ever stopped to think that I was speaking to children
Everything was happenin' so fast. It was like I blinked sold 3 million
Then it all went blank all I remember is feelin' ridiculous 'cause I was getting sick of this feelin'
Like I'm always under attack man I coulda stacked my shit list to the ceilin'
Women dishin' but really
Thinkin' if anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him
Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite when I'm rippin' shit. But since when did this many
People ever give a shit what I had to say? It's just my opinion
If it contradicts how I'm livin' put a dick in your rear-end
That's why every time you mention a lyric
I thanked you for it for drawin' more attention toward it
'Cause it gave me an enormous platform I'm flattered you thought I was that important
But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect and battled for it
Mad awards had GLAAD annoyed atta-boy
They told me to slow down I'd just zone-out
Good luck tryin' to convince a blonde it's like telling Gwen Stefani that she sold out
'Cause I was trying to leave No Doubt
In anyone's mind one day I'd go down in history think they know now
Because everybody knows
Everybody knows that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go people want to go home everyone knows
Everybody knows so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide you are just an asshole
Everyone knows everyone knows
Thanks for the support asshole 
Quit actin' salty I was countin' on you to count me out
Ask Asher Roth when he round about dissed me to shout me out
Thought I was history well God damn honky that compliment's like back-handin' a donkey good way to get your ass socked in the mouth
Nah I'm off him but what the fuck's all this trash talking about?
The fight was fixed I'm back and you can't stop me you knocked me down
I went down for the count I fell but the fans caught me and now
You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me to take my belt
Word to Pacquiao mama said there ain't nothing else to talk about
Better go in that ring and knock 'em out or you better not come out
It's poetry in motion like Freddie Roach when he's quotin'
Shake-speare so what if insults are revoltin'
Even Helen Keller knows life stinks
You think it's a joke 'till your bullet riddled but you should give little shit what I think
This whole world is a mess
gotta have a goddamn vest
on your chest
and a Glock just to go watch Batman
Who needs to test a testicles? Not that man
Half you don't got the guts intestinal blockage rest of you got lap bands
Stuck to this motto 'fore they put bath salts in all those
Water bottles in Colorado so get lost Waldo my soul's escaping through this asshole that is gaping
A black hole and I'm swallowin' this track whole better pack toilet paper
But I'm takin' no crap hoe here I go down the Bat Pole and I'm changing back into that ole maniac in fact there they go tryin' to dip out the back door retreating
'Cause everybody knows
Holy mackerel. I'm the biggest jerk on the planet Earth. I smacked a girl
Off the mechanical bull at a tractor pull
For thinkin' we had some magnetic pull
Then screamed 
'Cause you're attractive but we ain't attractable
hate to be dramatical but I'm not romantical
I'm makin' up words so you can understandable
It's tragical thinkin' some magical shit's gonna happen that ain't practical
You crackin' a joke? It's laughable
'Cause me and love's like a bad combination I keep them feelings locked in a vault so it's safe to say I'm uncrackable
My heart is truly guarded
Full body armor bitch you just need a helmet 'cause if you think you special you're retarded
Thinkin' you're one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina
You're a trainwreck I got a one-track mind and shorty you're fine but you sorta remind me of a 49'er
'Cause you've been a gold digger since you was a miner
Been tryin' to hunt me down like a dog 'cause you're on my ass but you can't get a cent
'Cause all of my spare time's spent
On my nose in this binder so don't bother tryin'
Only women that I love are my daughters but sometimes I rhyme
And it sounds like I forget I'm a father and I push it farther so Father forgive me if I forget to draw the line
It's apparent I shouldn't have been parent I'll never grow up so to Hell with your parents and 'mother' fuck 'father' time
It ain't never gonna stop a pessimist who transformed to an optimist in his prime
So even if I'm half-dead I'm half alive
Poured my half-empty glass in a cup now my cup has runneth over
And I'm about to set it on you like a motherfucking coaster
I'm goin' back to what got me here yeah cocky and
Can't knock bein' Rudolph so fear not my deer
And dry up your tear drops I'm here
White America's mirror so don't feel awkward or weird
If you stare at me and see yourself 'cause you're one too lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Now this shit's about to kick off this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up everybody get back
That's why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes on the ra-ag
Just like I did with addiction I'm 'bout to kick it
Like a magician critics I turn to crickets
Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
But quick to get impaled when I tell 'em stick it
So sick I'm looking pale wait that's my pigment
'Bout to go ham ya bitch shout out to Kendrick
Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim bitch
The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend bitch
Been public enemy since you thought PE was gym bitch
Kick your shoes off let your hair down
 all night long
Grow your beard out just weird out
 all night long
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go let yourself go
Say  before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody everybody  shake your body
Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed ain't it?
Khaki's pressed Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced so I guess it ain't
That aftershave or cologne that made 'em just faint
Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game check mate
But girl your body's banging jump me in dang bang-bang
Yes siree 'Bob' I was thinking the same thang
So come get on this Kid's rock Baw with da baw dang-dang
Pow-pow chica pow chica wow-wow
Got your gal blowing up a valve valve-valve
Ain't slowing it down throw in the towel towel-towel
Dumb it down I don't know how huh-huh how-how
Least I know that I don't know
Question is are you both so smart enough to feel stupid
Hope so now hoe...
Kick your shoes off let your hair down
 all night long
Grow your beard out just weird out
 all night long
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go let yourself go
Say  before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody everybody  shake your body
And they say that love is powerful as cough syrup in Styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian
Lamar oh sorry yo we done both set the bar low
Far as hard drugs are though that's the past
But I done did enough Codeine to knock future into tomorrow
And girl I ain't got no money to borrow
But I am trying to find a way to get you alone 
Oh Marshall Mathers
Shit head with a potty mouth get the bar of soap lathered
Kangols and car-heart-less cargos
Girl you're fixing to get your heart broke
Don't be absurd ma'am you birdbrain baby
I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman unless you're a swallow
Word Rick word man you heard but don't get discouraged girl
This is your jam unless you got toe jam
Kick your shoes off let your hair down
 all night long
Grow your beard out just weird out
 all night long
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go let yourself go
Say  before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody everybody  shake your body
We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go let yourself go
Say  before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Look I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
(Six minutes six minutes)
Something's wrong I can feel it
(Six minutes six minutes Slim Shady you're on)
Just a feeling I've got
Like something's about to happen
But I don't know what
If that means what I think it means we're in trouble
Big trouble. And if he is as bananas as you say
I'm not taking any chances
You are just what the doc ordered
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box slap box?
They said I rap like a robot so call me rap-bot
But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinski feeling on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables skill-a-holic 
This flippity dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match
With this rappity-rap
Packing a MAC in the back of the Ac
backpack rap crap yap-yap yackety-yack
and at the exact same time
I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic
I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop  bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period
Here's a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece yeah
'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard that hard
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
Immortality like I have got
Well to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the moon since 
MCs get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to 'bust a rhyme'
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz 2Pac N.W.A. Cube hey Doc Ren
Yella Eazy thank you they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up
Blow up and be in a position
To meet Run-D.M.C. and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame even though I walk in the church
And burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game
'Til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and
Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay-looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a 'straight' face looking boy
You're witnessing a mass-occur like you're watching a church gathering take place looking boy
Oy vey that boy's gay
That's all they say looking boy
You get a thumbs up pat on the back
And a  from your label every day looking boy
Hey looking boy what d'you say looking boy?
I get a  from Dre looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never asked nobody for shit
Get outta my face looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
of keeping up with the same pace looking boy 'cause
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod back nod
The way I'm racing around the track call me Nascar Nascar
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton no Asgard Asgard
So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You rodent I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead
But I'm just a talking head a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep throating
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothing in common poodle
I'm a Doberman pinch yourself
In the arm and pay homage pupil
It's me
My honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
What I do though for good
At least once in a while so I wanna make sure
Somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to
Maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes
But sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to
Censor you like that one line I said
On  from the Mathers LP
One when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line
Add an AK-47 a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now
That I ain't as big as I was but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from two thousand four though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel
With fucking cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya
Like when Fabulous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag
At Mayweather's pad singin' to a man
While he play piano
Man oh man that was the 24/7 special
On the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
"Hey Fab I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you with supersonic speed 
Uh summa lumma dooma lumma you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber so that anything you say is
Ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
I'm devastating more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading and I know that haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music
You make elevator music
"Oh he's too mainstream."
Well that's what they do
When they get jealous they confuse it
"It's not hip-hop it's pop."
'Cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock shock rap with Doc
Throw on  and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that.
I don't know what words to use."
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm ripping any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice
your songs you could sacrifice virgins to
Unghh school flunky pill junky
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
When I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue-in-cheek fuck you
I'm drunk. So Satan take the fucking wheel
I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boyz
Still "Chunky but Funky"
But in my head there's something
I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and
Here's what they want from me
They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it
Life's handing you lemons
Make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Eminem Has a full line of chainsaws
Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem... Eminem...
Marshall Mathers Eminem the rapper... Eminem
Who can say for sure?
Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer
If science could operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use
Society would reap a great benefit
I walk around like a space cadet place your bets
Who's likely to become a serial killer case of Tourettes
Fuck fuck fuck can't take the stress
I make a mess as the day progresses angry and take it out on the neighbors hedges
Like this is how I'll cut your face up bitches with these hedge trimmin' scissors with razor edges
Imagination's dangerous it's
The only way to escape this mess and make the best of this situation I guess
'Cause I feel like a little bitch this predicament's
Despicable I'm sick of just getting pushed it's ridiculous
I look like a freakin' wuss a pussy this kid just took
My stick of licorice and threw my sticker books in a picker bush
I wanna kick his tush but I was six and shook
This fucker was twelve and was six foot with a vicious hook
He hit me I fell I got back up all I did was book now there's using your head
Mama always said...
If you had a brain you'd be dangerous a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said "Son if you had a brain you'd be dangerous guess it pays to be brainless."
Fast forward some years later a teenager this is fun sweet
I just got jumped twice in one week it's complete
It's usually once a month this is some feat
I've accomplished they stomped me into the mud gee for what reason? You stumped me
But how do you get the shit beat outta you beat down and be upbeat when you don't have nothing?
No valid shot at life chance to make it or succeed
'Cause you're doomed from the start it's like you grew up on Jump Street from jump street
But if I could just get my head out my ass
I could accomplish any task
Practicin' trash talkin'
In a trance locked in my room yeah but I got some plans mama
These damn rhymes are fallin' outta my pants pocket I can't stop it
And I'm startin' to blend in more
In school this shit helps for sure I'm gettin' more self-assured than I've ever been before
Plus no one picks on me anymore I done put a stop to that threw my first punch- end of story
Still in my skull's a vacant empty void been usin' it more as a bin for storage
Take some inventory
In this gourde there's a Ford engine door hinge syringe an orange an extension cord and a ninja sword
Not to mention four linchpins an astringent stored
Ironin' board a bench a wrench a ore wench an attention whore
Everything but a brain but dome's off the fuckin' chain like an independent store
Something's wrong with my head
Just think if I had a brain in it thank God that I don't 'cause I'd probably be Dahmer 'cause mama always said...
If you had a brain you'd be dangerous a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said "Son if you had a brain you'd be dangerous guess it pays to be brainless."
Now my mom goes wahm-wahm-wahm
'Cause I'm not that smart but I'm not dumb
I was on the bottom of the pile gettin' stomped
But somehow I came out on top
I told you one day I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out yo
I'm nice ya'll fuck it I'm out cold
Now everywhere I go they scream out go I'm bout to clean house yo
I'm Lysol now I'm just household
Out sold the sell-outs freak the hell out Middle America hear 'em yell out in terror they were so scared and those kids
Just about belted out whatever spouted or fell out my smart aleck mouth it was so weird
Inappropriate? So be it I don't see it
Maybe one day when the smoke clears it won't be as
Motherfuckin' difficult yeah 'til then hopefully ya
Little homos get over your fears and phobias
It's OK to be scared-straight they said I provoked queers
'Til emotions evoke tears my whole career's
A stroke of sheer genius smoke and mirrors tactical practical jokes yeah
You motherfuckin' 
Who the fuck woulda thunk that one little ole' emcee'd
Be able to take the whole culture and re-upholstery it?
And boy they did flock can't believe this little hick locked
This hip-hop shit in his hip pocket and still the shit got
That white-trash traffic in gridlock shit hoppin' like six blocks
From a Kid Rock Insane Clown Posse concert in mid October
And God forbid I see the Wizard and get a brain in my titanium cranium y'all cause
I'll turn into the Unabomber mama always said...
If you had a brain you'd be dangerous a brain you'd be dangerous
I'mma prove you wrong
Mama I'mma grow one day to be famous and I'mma be a pain in the anus
I'mma be the bomb
I'mma use my head as a weapon find a way to escape this insaneness
Mama always said "Son if you had a brain you'd be dangerous lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
You used to say that I'd never be nothing without you
And I believe
I'm shot in the lungs I gasp I can't breathe
Just lay here with me baby hold me please
And I'd beg and I'd plead drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream "Baby please don't leave!"
Snatch the keys from your hand
I would squeeze and you'd laugh
And you'd tease you're just fucking with me
And you must hate me
Why do you date me if you say I make you sick?
And you've had enough of me
I smother you I'm 'bout to jump off the edge
But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream 
'Cause I'm stronger than I was
A beautiful face is all that you have
'Cause on the inside you're ugly and mad
But you're all that I love
I grasp you can't leave
Please stay here with me baby hold me please
And I'd beg and I'd plead drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream "Baby please don't leave!"
But you left and you took everything I had left
And left nothing nothing for me
So please don't wake me from this dream baby
We're still together in my head
And you're still in love with me
'Til I woke up to discover that that dream was dead
But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream 
'Cause I'm stronger than I was
You walked out I almost died
It was almost a homicide that you caused 'cause I was so traumatized
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride
I'd rather die than you not by my side
Can't count how many times I vomited cried
Go to my room turn the radio on and hide
Thought we were Bonnie and Clyde
No on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde I
Felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
It was you and I why did I think it was ride or die?
'Cause if you coulda took my life you woulda
It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the
Other side of my back and stuck a spike too should've
Put up more of a fight but I couldn't at the time
No one could hurt me like you could've
Take you back now what's the likelihood of that?
Bite me bitch chew on a nineteen footer
'Cause this morning I finally stood up
Held my chin up finally showed a sign of life in me for the
First time since you left and left me with nothing but shattered dreams
And the life we could've had and we could've been
But I'm breaking out of this slump I'm in
Pulling myself out of the dumps once again
I'm getting up once and for all fuck this shit
I'mma be late for the pity party
But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again
Took it on the chin like a champ so don't lump me in with the chump-ions
I'm done being your punching bag
It was November 31st today would've been our anniversary
Two years but you left on the first of May
I wrote it on a calender was gonna call but couldn't think of the words to say
But they came to me just now so I put 'em in a verse to lay
And I thank you  'cause you made me  a better person than I was
But I hate you  'cause you drained me 
I gave you all you gave me none
But if you blame me  you're crazy 
And after all is said and done
I'm still angry yeah I may be
I may never trust someone
But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you I'll bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhhh
And I'mma still be humble when I scream lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy yeah you think I'm crazy
I wanted the fame but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh well guess beggars can't be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public. Excuse me
For wanting my cake and eat it too and wanting it both ways
Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated
When I blew; see but it was confusing
'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Abused ink used it as a tool when I blew steam 
Hit the lottery oh wee
But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet
It was like winning a used mink
Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink
I'm beginning to lose sleep: one sheep two sheep
Going cuckoo and cooky as Kool Keith
But I'm actually weirder than you think
'Cause I'm
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy yeah you think I'm crazy
Well that's nothing
Well that's nothing
Now I ain't much of a poet but I know somebody once told me
To seize the moment and don't squander it
'Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
So I keep conjuring sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
(Yeah pondering'll do you wonders.
No wonder you're losing your mind the way it wanders.)
Yoda-loda-le-hee-hoo
I think it went wandering off down yonder
And stumbled on 'ta Jeff VanVonderen
'Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
'Cause the very thing that I love's killing me and I can't conquer it
My OCD's conking me in the head
Keep knocking nobody's home I'm sleepwalking
I'm just relaying what the voice in my head's saying
Don't shoot the messenger I'm just friends with the
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy yeah you think I'm crazy
Well that's nothing
Well that's nothing
Call me crazy but I have this vision
One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then drums get killed and I'm coming straight at
MC's blood get spilled and I'll
Take you back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played that
Pumped up feeling and shit to say back
To the kids who played him
I ain't here to save the fucking children
But if one kid out of a hundred million
Who are going through a struggle feels it and then relates that's great
It's payback Russell Wilson falling way back
In the draft turn nothing into something still can make that
Straw into gold chump I will spin Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Maybe I need a straightjacket face facts
I am nuts for real but I'm okay with that
It's nothing I'm still friends with the
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're trying to save me stop holding your breath
And you think I'm crazy yeah you think I'm crazy
Well that's nothing
Well lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I own a mansion but live in a house
A king-size bed but I sleep on the couch
I'm Mister Bright Side glass is half-full
But my tank's half empty gasket just blew
This always happens
Thirty minutes from home gotta lay a log cabin only option I have's McDonald's' bathroom
In a public stall droppin' a football so every time someone walks in the John I get Maddened
"Shady what up?" What? Come on man I'm crappin'
And you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin?
Oh that's odd I just happened
To run out of tissue yeah hand me that on second though I'd be glad then
"Thanks dog. Name's Todd a big fan" I
Wiped my ass with it crumbled it up in a wad threw it back and
Told 'im "Todd you're the shit." When's all of this crap end?
Can't pump my gas without causin' an accident
Pump my gas cut my grass I can't take out the fuckin' trash
Without someone passin' through my sub harassin'
I'd count my blessings but I suck at math
I'd rather wallow than bask suffering succotash but the ant-
Acid it gives my stomach gas
When I mix my corn with my fuckin' mashed
Potatoes so what hoe kiss my country bumpkin ass
Missouri southern roots what the fuck is upper class?
Call lunch dinner call dinner supper Tupperware in the cupboard plastic ware up the ass
Stuck in the past iPod what the fuck is that?
B-Boy to the core mule I'm as stubborn as
Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I could never turn my back on a city that made me
And 
They call me classless I heard that
I second and third that
Don't know what the fuck I'd be doin' if it weren't rap
Probably be a giant turd sack
But I blew never turned back
Turned forty and still sag
Teenagers act more fuckin' mature Jack
Fuck you gonna say to me? I'll leave on my own terms ass
Hole I'm going berserk my nerves are bad
But I love the perks my work has
I get to meet famous people look at her dag
Her nylons are ran her skirt's snagged and I heard she drag races  swag
Tuck in my Hanes shirt tag
You're Danica Patrick  word skag
We'd be the perfect match 'cause you're a vacuum I'm a dirtbag
My apologies
No disrespect to technology
But what the heck's all of these buttons?
You expect me to sit here and learn that?
Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda
Be an expert at computers?
I'd rather be an Encyclopedia Britannica
Hell with PlayStation I'm still on my first man on some Zelda
Nintendo bitch! Run jump punch stab and I melt the
Mozzarella on my spaghetti put it on bread make a sandwich with Welch's
And belch they say this spray butter's bad for my health
But I think this poor white trash from the trailer
Jed Clampett Fred Sanford and welfare mentality helps to
Keep me grounded that's why I never take full advantage of wealth
I managed to dwell
Within these parameters
Still crammin' the shelves full of Hamburger Helper
I can't even help it this is the hand I was dealt a
Creature of habit feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter
With all these pet peeves God damn it to hell
I can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones
I can't go anywhere I get so mad I could yell the
Other day someone got all elaborate
And stuck a head from a fuckin' dead cat in my mailbox
Went to Burger King they spit on my onion rings
I think my karma's catching up with me
Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I could never turn my back on a city that made me
And 
Got friends on Facebook all over the world
Not sure what that means they tell me it's good
So I'm artist of the decade I even got a plaque
I'd hang it up but the frame is all cracked
I'm tryin' to be low-key hopefully nobody notices me
In produce hunched over giant nose bleed
Ogre style as I mosey over to the frozen aisle by the frozen yogurt this guy approached me
Embarrassed I just did Comerica with Hova the show's over I'm hidin' in Kroger's buyin' groceries
He just had front-row seats told me to sign his poster then insults me
I'm at a crossroads lost still shopping at Costco's
Sloppy Joe's bulk waffles
Got caught pickin' my nose  look over see these two hot hoes
Finger still up one of my nostrils
Right next to 'em stuck at the light the fuckin' shit's
Takin' forever to change it's stuck these bitches are lovin' it
Rubbin' it in chucklin'
Couldn't do nothin' play it off 
"Trunk Muzik Yelawolf's better" fuckin' bitch
They want me to flip at the label but I won't succumb to it
The pressure they want me to follow up with a
Nother one after Recovery was so highly coveted
But what good is a fuckin' recovery if I fumble it?
'Cause I'mma drop the ball if I don't get a grip hoppin' out shrubbery on you sons of bitches
Wrong subdivision
To fuck with bitch quit snappin' fuckin' pictures of my kids
I love my city
But you pushed me to the limit. What a pity
The shit I complain about
It's like there ain't a cloud in the sky and it's rainin' out
Kool-Aid stain on the couch I'll never get it out
But bitch I got an elevator in my house ants and a mouse
I'm livin' the dream
Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Something's burnin' I can't figure out what
 it's either lust or a cloud of dust judgment is clouded must
Just be the powder from the power of
 but I'm in somethin' I don't know how to get outta
Left my girl in the house alone is that my soon-to-be-spouse's moan and the further I walk the louder
Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard 'cause after all this is her place
So I give her the benefit of the doubt I
Think I might be about to busta bust her the thought's scary yo though and it hurts-brace
Hope it ain't "here we go yo" 'cause my head already goes to worst-case scenario though in the first place
But you confirmed my low end theory though should've known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date could've made it to home plate
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face
First "No  you don't  underóóstand . I  don't  do  this for anyone ever."
Yeah that ain't what they all say
I'll say you can suck a softball through a straw
Used to be my fiancÈe 'til you sucked on Wayne AndrÈ and Kanye
LeBron Akon Jay Lil' Jon Raekwon Ma$e Polow Tha Don Dre
Dante Ross James Conway Kwame
Guess I'm gettin' my g-God dang Jigga on eh?
'Cause your name I'm beyond sayin'
But fuck it I'm movin' on you women are all cray
But I'll probably always keep on playin'
The game of love love love love la-la-la-la-la love
She doesn't love me no she don't love me no more
She hates my company guess she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before
And I told her: go where you wanna go go do what 'cha wanna do I don't care
And I told her: go where you wanna go go do what 'cha wanna do I don't care
I told that bitch
I'm a sucker for love you're a sucker for dick
Suckin' dick in your mama tub then your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water he drowned like an abortion they booked you for manslaughter
You beat the case and I called ya'
"Sherane is not available now leave a message at the tone
And Kendrick don't forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels ya little fuckin' Ferris Wheel
Fuckin' spinnin' on me. Fuck ya think? We're gonna get married still?
Fucking Mary had a little lamb this ain't no fairy tale
Fairy God mama better tell you how I fuckin' feel
Like you should fuckin' beat it or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period
Now have a blessed day..." Bitch you serious?
I'm in the mirror with this look on my face curious
Why you ain't fuckin' with me you cut me deep as a Caesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin I'm delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin' 'im
His mouth piece for a Cadillac emblem
That's analogy and metaphor for you
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you
This is me talkin' cordial yeah I got some home trainin'
That ain't what you like ain't it? What about if I was as famous
As Marshall would you give fellatio in the carpool?
Cops pull us over they just wanna know if you gargle
Singing "I hope she's good enough
Meanwhile you're chasing her."
Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her pity the fool and pity the fool in me I'mma live with the
Game of love love love love la-la-la-la-la love
She doesn't love me no she don't love me no more
She hates my company guess she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before
And I told her: go where you wanna go go do what 'cha wanna do I don't care
And I told her: go where you wanna go go do what 'cha wanna do I don't care
I told that bitch
So needless to say I'm feelin' betrayed snatch my house key off her key chain
She jumps off 'Wee-Bey' from the Wire's dick now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record clichÈ it's all my fault anyway she's turnin' the tables I'm a beat-break
She treats my face like Serato she cuts and scratches like a DJ each day is an Instant Replay
They say what we display is symptomatic of attack behave
Ior back together but forgot today was her B-Day
She cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstandin' but just as I went to slam on the brakes that's when I realized that she may be crazy as me wait
Bitch cut my fuckin' brake line stepped on them fuckers eight times still goin' 73 thank
God there's an exit comin' up what the mother F-U-C-K's
Wrong with her hit the off-ramp 'til I coasted to a goddamn halt hit a fucking tree now here she comes at full speed she's racing at me OK you wanna fuck with me 'eh?
Snatch that bitch out her car through the window she's screamin' I body slam her on the cement until the concrete gave
And created a sink hole buried the stink hoe in it then paid to have the street repaved 
Woke up in a dream state
In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray durin' a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though 'cause she's layin' next to me in bed
Directly aimin' a gat at my head
Woke up again and jumped up like fuck it I've had it I'm checkin' into rehab
I confess I'm a static addict I guess
That's why I'm so clingy every girl I've ever had either says
I got too much baggage or I'm too fuckin' dramatic man what the fuck is the matter? I'm just
A fuckin' romantic I fuckin' love you you fuckin' bitch! Combative possessive in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events
I said "Hit the road" and after she left I sent that bitch a text
I said  She glanced to look at it and wrecked
Too bad thought we had a connect- no sense dwelling makes
Never been a more compelling case than the model covered in L'Oreal and Mace
Who fell from grace eleven stories for story telling while the whore was yelling rape
'Til her vocal chords were swelling and her voice was more horser than Tori Spellings' face
Still they swarm the gates
Of my fancy estates to greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
'Less you're Andrea Yates don't ask me for a date
Don't be late well the sentiment's great
But wait think there's been a mistake
You wanted an intimate date I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly 'cause of the game of
 wait 
I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly 'cause of the game of love
Love love lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Mom I know I let you down
And though you say the days are happy
Why is the power off and I'm fucked up?
And Mom I know he's not around
But don't you place the blame on me
As you pour yourself another drink yeah.
I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far
I went in headfirst
Never thinking about who what I said hurt in what verse
My mom probably got it the worst
The brunt of it but as stubborn as we are
Did I take it too far?
 and all them other songs
But regardless I don't hate you 'cause Ma
You're still beautiful to me 'cause you're my mom
Though far be it from you to be calm our house was Vietnam
Desert Storm and both of us put together can form an atomic bomb equivalent to Chemical warfare
And forever we can drag this on and on
But agree to disagree
That gift from me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me
You're kicking me out? It's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve 
Ma let me grab my fucking coat anything to have each other's goats
Why we always at each other's throats?
Especially when dad he fucked us both
We're in the same fucking boat you'd think that it'd make us close 
Further away it drove us but together headlights shine a car full of belongings
Still got a ways to go back to grandma's house it's straight up the road
And I was the man of the house the oldest so my shoulders carried the weight of the load
Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight years old
And that's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changeable
And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though but
'Cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though
'Cause you ain't even get to witness your grand babies grow
But I'm sorry Mama for  at the time I was angry
Rightfully maybe so never meant that far to take it though
'cause now I know it's not your fault and I'm not making jokes
That song I no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home
And all the medicine you fed us
And how I just wanted you to taste your own
But now the medications taken over
And your mental state's deteriorating slow
And I'm way too old to cry the shit is painful though
But Ma I forgive you so does Nathan yo
All you did all you said you did your best to raise us both
Foster care that cross you bear few may be as heavy as yours
But I love you Debbie Mathers oh what a tangled web we have
'cause one thing I never asked was
Where the fuck my deadbeat dad was
Fuck it I guess he had trouble keeping up with every address
But I'd have flipped every mattress every rock and desert cactus
Own a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas
Someone ever moved them from me? That you coulda bet your asses
If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa kidnap them
And although one has only met their grandma once
You pulled up in our drive one night as we were leaving to get some hamburgers
Me her and Nate we introduced you hugged you
And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness come over me
As we pulled off to go our separate paths
And I saw your headlights as I looked back
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to thank you for being my Mom and my Dad
So Mom please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet
I guess I had to get this off my chest
I hope I get the chance to lay it before I'm dead
The stewardess said to fasten my seatbelt I guess we're crashing
So if I'm not dreaming I hope you get this message that I'll always love you from afar
'Cause you're my Ma
I want a new life 
One without a cause 
So I'm coming home tonight 
Well no matter what the cost
And if the plane goes down
Or if the crew can't wake me up
Well just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Oh even if there's songs to sing
Well my children will carry me
Just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Because I put my faith in my little girls
So I never say "Goodbye lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah trying to figure out the difference
But I think I think the lines are starting to get blurry
I'm in a strange place
I feel like Ma$e when he gave up the game for his faith
I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints
Grimming every stranger in the place while I gaze into space
'Cause I'm mentally rearranging his face
I need a change of pace 'cause the pace I'm working at is dangerous
There's nowhere to dump this anger and thanks to this angst
I done quit chicken heads in cold turkey and started slowly roasting 'em
'Cause that's where most of my anger is based
Fuck your feelings I feel like I play for the Saints
I just wanna hurt you aim for the skanks
Then aim for all these fake Kanye's Jay's Wayne's and the Drake's
I'm frustrated 'cause ain't no more N'Sync now I'm all out of whack
I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack
I'm going all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is
I'm strapped for battle sucka-duck crawl out the back it's a bar fight
Prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools flying through the air
And bottles breaking mirrors also
And I ain't stopping 'til the swear jar's full
You done called every woman a slut but you're forgetting Sarah Marshall 
Oh my bad slut
And next time I show up to court I'll be naked and just wear a lawsuit
Judge be like "That's sharp how much did that motherfucker cost you?
Smart ass you're lucky I don't tear it off you
And jump your bones you sexy motherfucker
You're so fucking gravy Marshall I should start calling you 
'Cause all's you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo.
Evil twin take this beat now it's all you."
I believe people can change but only for the worse
I could've changed the world if it wasn't for this verse
So satanic K-Mart chains panic
'Cause they can't even spin back the curse words
'Cause they're worse when they're reversed motherfucker
(rape your mother kill your parents)
Shit motherfucker and these kids are like parrots
They run around the house just like terrorists
Screaming "fuck shit fuck"
Adult with a childish-like arrogance
Wild ever since the day I came out I was like "merits fuck that"
I'd rather be loud and I like swearing
From the first album even the gals were like "tight lyrics dreamy eyes"
But my fucking mouth was nightmarish
And from the start of it you felt like you were a part of this
And the opposition felt the opposite
Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums
Often as I can and skim through all them bitches
To make sure I keep up with my competition
 Hogger of beats hoarder of rhymes
Borderline genius who's bored of his lines
And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now
Feel like I might just strike first and ignore the replies
There's darkness closing in 
There it goes again 
It controls my pen 
But that ain't me it's my evil twin
But he's just a friend 
Who pops up now and again 
So don't blame me 
Blame him it's my evil twin
Welcome back to the land of the living my friend
You have slept for quite some time
So who's left? Lady Gaga? Mess with the Bieber?
Nah F with Christina I ain't fucking with either Jessica neither
Simpson or Alba my albums just sicker than strep with the fever
Get the Cloriseptic Excedrin Aleve or Extra Strength Tylenol 3's
Feel like I'm burning to death but I'm freezin'
Bed-ridden and destined never to leave the
Bedroom ever again like the legend of Heath-uh- Ledger
My suicide notes barely legible read the
Bottom it's signed by The Joker
Lorena said I never can leave her
She'd sever my wiener I ever deceive her
Fuck that shit bitch
Give up my dick for pussy I'd be Jerry Mathers
I ever left it to Beaver
Get them titties cut off tryna mess with a cleaver
Golly-wally I vent heat register Jesus
Ever since 1-9-9-4-6 Dresden it was definitely my destiny
When on the steps I met DeShaun at Osborn
I'd never make it to sophomore
I just wanted to skip school and rap used to mop floors
Flip burgers and wash dishes while I wrote rhymes tryna get props for 'em
'Cause I took book-smarts and swapped for 'em
They were sleeping I made 'em stop snorin'
Made 'em break out the popcorn
Now I've been hip-hop in its tip-top form
Since N.W.A. was blaring through my car windows leaning on the horn
Screaming  like cop porn
Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn
Fuck top 5 bitch I'm top 4
And that includes Biggie and Pac whore
And I got an evil twin so who the fuck do you think that 3rd and that 4th spot's for?
And crazy as I am I'm much tamer than him
And I'm nuts then again who the fuck wants a plain Eminem?
But no one's insaner than Slim look at that evil grin 
Please come in what was your name again?
Hi faggot
Look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
Two rabbits a koala bear and a ball of hair
And you're all aware I don't got it all upstairs
Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's so small up there
Peace to Whitney geez just hit me
That I should call the Looney Police to come get me
'Cause I'm so sick of being the truth I wish someone'd finally admit me
To a mental hospital with Britney
Oh LMFAO no way ho
Jose Baez couldn't beat this rap OJ no
Hooray I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony
Hey ho hey ho
I sound like I'm tryna sing the fucking chorus to ?
No I'm hollering you got bottom end like an 8-0-8
And I base whether we're fucking off that instead of your face so
Let your low-end raise yo
Tango what you think ho?
Slow dancing in the bowling
You tryna hold hands with your homie?
What? You think I'm looking for romance 'cause I'm lonely?
Change that tune you ain't got a remote chance to control me
Hoe I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner
Superman tried to fuck me over it won't hurt
Don't try to fix me I'm broke so I don't work
So are you but you're broke 'cause you don't work
But all bullshit aside I hit a stride
Still Shady inside hair every bit as dyed
As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skittish side
And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize
'Cause we are the same lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
One thousand different houses and M¸nchhausen
I'mma make you wanna punch out some-fucking-one
 What the fuck'd you hit me for?
Scream  as I punch counter and bunches out of anger
I once encountered a stranger
In a dumb gown black hood
With a scythe
Shit I laughed in his face spit
Bitch gave me an extra life like 
Now get your ass back in that game bitch
Don't take shit for granted
And don't take shit give it!
Only bull you should take is by the horns
A mixture of Whitey Ford and Mighty Thor
I everlast pen is mightier than sword
Finish writing then record
Replenish keep writing more
Nothing's riding on it but your pride is all you're fighting for
So you fight scratch you claw
Back's to wall
No one was there to catch you fall
You pick yourself back up you dust your jacket off
You grab your balls like they're gargantuan and
Ask yourself how fucking bad you want it
Pull out your pass for whooping ass and flash it on 'em
Nobody's gonna back you in the corner
You're a hornet
No one's more ignorant
Than you fuckin' four in the morning
You're at the laboratory storming
Like there's nothing that's more important
MC's you better consider this a formal warning
You're in for it
Girl what would you do if I said your body was off the chain
And I told you I smile every single time I saw your face?
I ain't finished bitch
I meant in half oil the blades
Nobody wants to play
They say I'm a spoiled little baby
But
Nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
What goes through an addict's brain?
Besides static pain and Big Daddy Kane
Breakbeats and words
An erratic train of thought
Like splatter paint
Scatter-brained
Yeah maybe that explains
Why you're back but don't rap the same
And you're looking way thinner
'Cause your hunger got you looking like
They took away dinner 
 Leonard wouldn't sugar-coat a fucking booger though
Just to wipe that bitch on a hooker's coat
When you say you're a chooka what chooka what
Now fling that bitch from your fingertips
Hope it lands on another rap singer's lips
Who can't think of shit
Anything of wit that's interesting to spit
Who's king of this fucking English Lit?
Let your middle fingers flip on each hand
While extending this shit
How low can you go?
Lower than Chuck D ho
Hear the bassiness in my voice?
Rocky's back where's my Adrian?
Nobody's crazy as Shady in an eighty million mile radius
I'm what Tom Brady is to the patriots to rap
Not a man I'm a weapon
Who just happened to be a rapper
Who just happen to be on the crapper
When it happened I had an epiphany
In the bathroom I'd never be the same after
Now I'm back with an appe-tite
For destruction the fucking recipe for disaster
So let's eat 'cause I'm famished
Every deed is a dastardly one
Evilish bastard even you askin' for me to be po-lite
To people's like me havin' my teeth pulled
Nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only tryna warn ya
'Cause that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya
So step inside a dimension
The demented side of a mind
That's like an inside of an engine
While I multiply your undivided attention
But be reminded: if I didn't mention
I lose my mind and my temper
You'll be the first one
Who finds him offensive
Got him climbing the fences
Lost some time to addiction
But look up rhyme in the dictionary
I'm in the picture
Eminem is the synonym for it
I'm an enigma
Fuck it let's get to the meat balls
I'm gonna skip the veg and potatoes
Edumacator they are
Shit legends are made of
Spit treacherous data
Shit that you would say to your worst enemy
This wretched is
What you get when you mix Treach with a Jada
Then combine 'em with Method Man and Redman
With methamphetamines in his left hand
And in his right there's a sledge-hammer
In pajamas standing in front of a webcam
Beating himself in the head 'til Russell let's him off Def Jam
Maybe I need my head examined
Hannibal Lecter with a dead lamb
Hanging from his ceiling dripping with a bed pan
I need meds!
Swear to god 'cause If I go off the edge
T.I. ain't talking me off a ledge man
Heart throb at a fart ah nah
More like a smart slob part blob
That'll stab you with a sharp object
To the heart and leave claw marks
All over the Wal-Mart walls
Little baby with large balls
Fuck mud slinging lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Girl you give me writer's block
I'm at a loss for words uhh
My mind's as lost as yours
I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge
Never seen no ass as large as yours
How much that cost? That's what I call the cost to splurge
You drive me bonkers Iím about to get my swerve on for sure
Thought I was pimpin' 'til I felt like Nas the first
Date cause I think I gave you power when I gave you flowers in a vase
A box of chocolates throat lozengers cough drops and Certs
Probably should've never let me call that job of yours
To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work
Should've been one of the first signs to cause alert
Man we jumped in too fast cause since then I just can't be apart from her
Cause nobody's body's awesomer I lust it and she loves me
Cause I'm popular but you know this ain't love
You know this ain't love you know this ain't love
You know this ain't love you know this ain't love 
It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right wants me to be that guy to her)
It's desperation (I can't even put up a fight cause I give in at the sight of her)
You were obviously oblivious to me I swore I was just invisible to you
Till I went to the lengths I did to meet you
Cause you played so hard to get with me from the beginning
Now I'm in disbelief I never knew that this could be such misery ah
Cause now you see nothing but me and I don't see nothing but you
And I'm about to flip cause we are super glued in
We stuck to each other's hips and we can't
Do anything individually which is to cling on scared to be alone
Can't specifically describe it I just can't seem to give a reason
This definitive just need you talking bout I live and breathe you
And you pretend to be as mentally and physically
Addicted to me as Wiz Khalifa is to reefer
Don't wanna be without you
Don't wanna be with you neither bitch
Put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek
Cause this ain't love
Just want you to myself don't wanna share you with no one else
"What the fuck you whispering for?
You get on my nerves you make me sick
I think our relationship it seems to be on the fritz
I mean it's time that we just split and leave the
Games behind your frame of mind ain't the same as mine
I think you need to finish developing a little more mentally too"
Get the picture
That's a negative Alicia I will never give the keys up
To the crib ever again no reason not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's
You better have an epiphany slut guess what? The lease up
I'm just mad the time it took to discover
You were using me for loot like I used you for looks
Oh thought you was too good for me huh? yeah
Toots used to be my Carrie Underwood I was your lumberjack
But I can't stomach this I'm leaving you I'm not coming back
She said "The fuck with that where's my Louisville Slugger at?"
She grabbed that fucking bat and swung it at my head
I barely ducked and that's right
When she came up with a kick to the nuts twice lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
What is a nightmare? The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream a nightmare
I used to think I had bad luck but I wasn't superstitious
'Til one day I grew suspicious when I stepped on a crack on Aunt Edna's stoop
And got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons
Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start a new be-ditching
Missouri for Michigan didn't work
So we moved back to Missouri from Michigan from Missouri back to Michigan
Someone put me out my misery I can't do this again
Mom please stick to a decision
Discipline last thing I wanna do is listen she's like
Lex Luthor bitch her rules are Kryptonite
So the walls and I done lost my power to see through them bitches
But I run into them running through the kitchen
Pretending to be blind Superman
'Cause I had no supervision
But I did have a super power though
I could turn into Invisible Kid
Disappear out of sight like a true magician
And one day uncle Ronnie brought over this new but different
Music into the picture and it became my new religion
"I remember it clearly even today."
Move back to Michigan again to live with my Grandma Nan
Always itchin' for something to do was flipping
Through the radio stations one day
And discovered this DJ who was mixing
I say it to this day if you ain't listened to the wizard
You ain't have a fucking clue what you was missing
I'd zone out with my headphones all I remember doing's wishing
For shoes fuck them stupid Pumas bitch it's all about them new edition Troops
You get the new LL Cool J cooling system
Made that final maneuver to 8 Mile and Hoover and somehow I saw my future is in this
That's how I knew my mission
Little boom box boomin' spitting
Practicing numerous rhythms
When I sit in my room envisioning
My dreams come to fruition
I remember Proof would visit
Couldn't wait to play him my new shit he'd go cuckoo ballistic
Go through the roof for his shit
It's like we knew the instant
We touched a mic that both of us two existed to do this shit
Never quit too persistent
Started a group of misfits
Proof had a proposition
If we all band together there ain't no stopping this shit
Come up with aliases bipolar opposites and
Be ready to come off the top as sharp position
If you got dissed at the shop 'cause if they caught you slippin'
They'd take your spot if someone got to rippin' you
And you forgot your written
Opportunity knocks once it ain't knocking again
They tried ding-dong ditching shit
I fucking got that bitch in a headlock
Cut off his oxygen Slim snot gourgin
Cock sucking cynder block in the wind
Now I got my pot to piss in
Spot in that top position
Copping over the opposition
Looking like a dog that's pissing
Leg up on the competition
Promising complete dominance Sugar Ray Robinson
I'm in a league Muhammad's in
Ali's my colleague bombing them
Probably end up on top of them
Stomping them like Ndamukong
I'm Russian like a Ukrainian LaDainian Tomlinson
Flow vomits in your face
Competitors fall at my waist
You spit a rhyme I spit in a rhyme's face
So name the time place to battle
Bitch I'm still in that mind state
Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes
Cry babies maybe my way that I use words is loose
But you turds better be careful how you choose yours
'Cause feelings scar but egos bruise worse
And the truth hurts shit no wonder you're sore losers
Now where's your poop birds?
Ooh no more tripping in bird shit songs of self-empowerment surging
Words of encouragement but this discouraging the rappers
The rap game's God but the name's not James Todd I'm just a wordsmith
So let these words lift
'Cause all I got is bars for you dumbbells since yours ain't working out
Each verse is more merciless than the first is
And you ain't got to wear no shoes and shirt in this bitch to get served
Blood thirst Revenge of the Nerds
Chickit
And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone
Word to Uncle Ron
I'm turning into a non-humble Don
You blonde dumb hoes all I got is dick for you to come blow on
So start the show but I need a drum roll 'fore I go on
Better back away from the front row get launched
Show you I'm bigger than Dikembe Mutumbo
On the fuckin' Jumbotron
I'm a juggernaut you do not wanna rumble you bomboclaat
I'll leave you stretched out like a fucking yawn
So mow the fucking lawn your asses are blades of grass
And I'm fucking up this whole landscape of rap
The GOAT just ate eight acres
An eighth of that was just to make a path and take you straight to your favorite rapper
Oh look my notebook looks smoke-cooked
Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove soot
Charred debris floating
Like oak wood was burning
Return of the no good
And I won't quit
"And the next thing I know something came crawling up from below
Something that made Godzilla look like a plane."
And I don't quit won't change
It's like a Groundhog's Day
So crowd around y'all 'cause you may
See if I popped your head
Turn me into
I'm not so sure I want to know from whence it came
But the white flesh creature's trail is easily followed
There before that shimmering veil of light lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I can feel the heat rising everything is on fire
Today is a painful reminder of why
We can only get brighter
The further you put it behind ya
But right now I'm on the inside
(Lookin' out cause)
I'm standin' in the flames
It's a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light find the light find the light
Yesterday was the tornado warning
Today's like the morning after
Your world is torn in half
You wake in it's wake to start the mourning process
And rebuilding you're still a work in progress
Today's a whole new chapter
It's like an enormous asth-ma
Thunderstorm has passed ya
You weathered it and poked it's eye out
With the thorn bush that you
Used to smell the roses
Stopped to inhale can't even tell your nose is stuffed
So focused on the bright side
Then you floor the gas pedal
And hit the corner fast the more asserted
Never looking back
May hit the curb
But every day is a new learning curve as you
Steer through life sometimes you might not wanna swerve
But you have to
To avert a disaster
Lucky no permanent damage
Cause they hurt you so bad
It's like they murdered your ass
And threw dirt on your casket but you've returned from the ashes
And that hurt that you have you just converted to gasoline
And while you're burning the past standing in the inferno and chant
You're so familiarized with what having to swallow this pill is like
It happens all the time they take your heart and steal your life
And it's as though you feel you've died
Cause you've been killed inside
But yet you're still alive
Which means you will survive
Although today you may weep cause you're weakened
And everything seems so bleak and hopeless
The light that you're seekin'
It begins to seep in
That's the only thing keepin'
You from leapin' off the mothafreakin' deep end
And I'm pullin' for you to push through this feeling
And with a little time that should do the healing
And by tomorrow
You may even feel so good that you're willing to forgive 'em even after
All the shit you been put through this feeling of resilience is building
And the flames are burning quick as fire would through this building
You're sealed in but you're fireproof flame retardant you withstood it
And as you climb up to the roof you're just chillin' you look down
Cause you're so over 'em
You could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling
As time passes
Things change every day
But wounds wounds heal but scars still remain the same
But tomorrow today's going down in flames
Throw the match set the past ablaze
So feel the fire beneath your feet as you barely even perspire
From the heat
Exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief
And as you say goodbye to the grief
It's like watching the walls melt in your prison cell
But you've extinguished this living hell
Still a little piece of you dies as you scream
I feel the burn watch the smoke as I turn
Rising a phoenix from the flames
I have learned from fighting fights that weren't mine
Not with fists lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell
Guess I got a way with words I could get away with murder
Ever heard of Aspergers'? It's a rare condition
It's what you're suffering from
When you simply don't care if it's an
80 degree day and there's no fricken air conditioning
And you can't see the bitchís hair is frizzing
Cause you got the windows up
Blaring the system in your Chevrolet Prizm
The devil ain't on a level same as him
Picture someone who revels in straight masochism
And imagine him giving an adjective an ass whooping
So bad they should put his ass in prison
A word bully I verbally abuse verbs
Like they did something to me personally
Used to get bullied so I'd cut class and ditch it
Now I bully rap I'm the shit faggot 
Cadillac from a K Car
My ass from a hole in the ground still canít tell em a-part
Came straight out the trailer park screaming I'm proud
To shop at K-Mart and it became art
And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are
To this day I still get in fights with the same broad
At the same Walmart arguing over the same cart
In the middle of the aisle whilin'
I don't give a fuck I don't play!
Bitch you think you saw this basket first?
You're ass backwards like motherfucking Bob and Silent Jay
Illest shit you could think I would say
Mind's like a pile of clay
When's the last time that you saw a villain with a cape
Ripped a gaping hole in it
Flipped out ripped down the drapes
Tied 'em around my neck
Went down the fire escape of the Empire State
Slipped fell straight down to the ground
Splattered all over the entire state
And straight to hell got impaled by the gates
Saw Satan stuck his face in an ashtray
While I sashayed around flames with a match and I gave him the gas face
And this ain't got nothing to do with a scale or being gay little faggot
But by the way thoughts are getting darker by the day
I'm a combination of Skylar Grey Tyler the Creator and Violent J
It's a fuckin' miracle to be this lyrical
Paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face I'm insane
Every rhyme I say sons you like an ultra violet ray
Iím selling hatred buffet style all the shit you can eat
$11.99 so come on and pile a plate
Iím throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise
With the rhyme Iím spittin' while Iím shittin' on competition
In the meantime itís always mean time
Iíve been a career asshole
I donít see why these people always got my back
I done said so much fucked up shit I was born a mistake
But I was put here not by accident
I had a purpose and that purpose was to beat a beat purplish
Slaughter tracks I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit
Iím coming to get that quarter back
Like Ndamukong the drama can build
Your mama can ask me for my autograph
Cause that cougar's a MILF she's the oldest trick in the book
But I sure would fall for that
You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight
When I get on the mic I'mma snap
Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital
When I overdosed woulda caught a flat
If it makes you sick to your stomach acid
Indigestion my suggestionís Kaopectate
If it feels like I'm running away with the game
It's cause I am don't speculate spectate
All I got is dick for days and insults for decades
But I get by with my wicked ways
Lady you can suck a dick til your neck aches
Cry til you get puffy eyes red faced
But I'm leaving on this jet plane
You ain't fly you're an airhead
And I'm sick of pounding a square peg in a round hole sorry another catchphrase
But your baggage ain't gonna fit in my storage overhead space
Cause it just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods
Other words don't try to put your heart in a headcase
Cause baby stable mentally I ain't
I need my meds I peed my bed
I'm going blind I don't see my legs
I keep on falling down no wonder you can't stand me I need my cane
Someone help me I think my face is melting
If you felt these migraines and see these maggots eat my brain
This G-I-A-N-T hole in my empty head
If you read my mind you can see my pain
And you'd see why I be this way
Ever since I was knee high playin' with G.I. Joes
Told these hoes shut their P-I-E holes now peep my game
Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it
Like a  fucking 
Echo ...  Psycho on a cyclone cycle
Spiraling here I go I`m outta control like no
Other mic go stab you til' the knife goes - dull
I'm nothing but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes
Coz I'mma sock it to you
Dyke ho you don't like it
Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle
And ride it like a motorbike
I'm finna blow the mic the whole night so
Strike up the fucking maestro I'm nitro
And hi ho hand me my shovel I'm liable to dig my hole
Deeper and it's off to H.E double hockey sticks I go
Ohh please be empty please be empty please be empty
Thank you God
[Bathroom door opening someone walks in]
Shit...
Is that a girl?
I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in my mouth
And get my balls blew out and get gay into the A.M
And lay with 18 guys naked and let myself show let myself show
- Why do I know that voice?
Buttfuck it suck it pull it tug it
Life's too short to not stroke your bone
- Are you fucking serious?
So everybody everybody
Circle jerk touch my body
[Doors slam lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Used to get bent now I represent to the fullest
Pencil is full of insolent bullets
I'm like a Doberman Pinscher Pitbull and a Rott'
Mixed with a toxic the plot begins to thicken
I begin to spitting like vintage Pac demented
Demonic sinister ever since the the Doc replenished me
The day he gave me that shot when I was just 'bout to quit
So to not see him with me would be a shocking image
And I'm the definition of what a concrete chin is
Cause no matter how many times you sock me in it
And knock me to the canvas even the boxing critics
Know that if I get off to a rocky start I'll always have a Rocky finish
Eat me brocoli spinach cocky? Nope
But I hope I offended you when I told ya how dope I am at this
And put emphasis on the "dope" so when names come up
In that conversation of who's the dopest better throw mine in it
And don't mind me while I remind you of the flow
You won't find anywhere where it fires and I unload my pen explodes
'til there's no rhymes in it reload in no time
Let insults fly even sixty seconds that go by so you know I meant it
In school I was so shy timid
Two pairs of jean's I'd alternate bummy clothes I 'member
Begging my mom for K-Mart MacGregors cause they were new
St. Vincent de Paul those Pony's were used and no size fitted
But kissed them old days adios I did it
They said I was a gimmick now I'm the one that those guys mimic
Now you fuckers don't wanna go starting no argument
Cause you know I'll win it name a flow that's more authentic and don't front
Don't front you know I got you open kid
Rest in piece to Big Proof you was a beast you lyrically mirrored me
Molded my flow off of you your spirit's flowing through me
I love you Doody without you I feel so incomplete
I'm no king no need for rose petals to be thrown at my feet
I'm a thorn in your side get thrown into a throne
Better watch the fucking tone that you speak feel like I'm in the zone
I'm in a whole different league on my mothafuckin' own it's just me
No opponents can compete and I've never been known to retreat
From beef beep-beep follow trends or wallow in defeat
I'm still hungry as fuck but can't even say bon appetit
Cause I don't know what to eat fucking microphone or the beat
Bitch nobody's mind works like mine
It's nose to the grindstone time holmes your mind's blown
Cause I rhyme like I'm still trying to get signed up in the Ebony Show-
-case with Denaun screaming 
Never asked you like my shit from the get
I'd rather ask you to wipe my ass bitch
You had you a nice run now take a hike
I ever meet my match I'mma strike that bitch first
Cause on the mic I gotta represent the real rappers
The real rappers get their mothafuckin' skills cracking
Word to Buckshot and Dru-Ha why the fuck not?
You don't like it? Suck a cock! Almost forgot
Before I signed with the Doc I almost signed with Duck Down
Cause Rawkus didn't make no offers so mothafuck Loud
They jerked me around so what's up now?
Wow how much of an asshole would I sound like
Rubbing it and holding some grudge now but don't front
Late at night used to catch a buzz couldn't write
Now I write the type of shit to make you wipe
But wear diapers cause you might leave a streak
I'm on a streak windshield wipers couldn't wipe
It's hard to decipher what cypher I might jump into tonight
Cause I'm hyper or something needing someone or something is lighting
This fire under me it's breathing new life it's like I already died once
I guess some people only live twice and it's funny
My days of being broke was so long ago I lost my concept of money
But you dimes won't get a fucking nickle from me
Oh shit I'm down on one knee
I'm having a stroke of genius Elizabeth I'm coming to you honey
From boy to man it's still make a whore moan like a thyroid gland
I'm in another category man don't put me up with them pop stars
I never needed a pat on the back to get at a boy band
No offense? Yes offense precedents has been set that'll never get met
Middle finger pressed against Moby's nose
Shouts to Obie the curtains closed on my show
You can't take it oh
Got a whole generation of rappers coming up that are nutty with the flow
But convince me you've heard
An MC since me who's this good with the fucking mincing of words
Without mincing words that'll make you feel like I'm pinching a nerve
Whose mentally disturbed you might as well stick a knife in me and turn
It'll be like my skin being Indian burned
Hah bitch there isn't one when will you learn?
Never been served if memory serves
I'd battle that 'til my own recollection remembers these words
You know I got you open kid stop fronting
You know I got you open lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I'm liable to start a violent spark with a silent thought
I disgust you like dialogue from The Shop to The Wired Frog
Night club shit I was taught if your CD's on fire
You had to put it out yourself like Highland Park no fire department
So you might not hear sirens at all
But don't be alarmed if I sound off
Something just ain't right with me dawg
A martyr on a private charter whose life could be harder?
Widely regarded highly bite me sweetheart I'm slightly retarded
But tonight I'm starting shit I'm feeling self righteous
I might just hop in a mosh pit on some Mike Tyson and Pac shit
Looking to box with anybody disorderly conduct
I'll fuck around and snort a key and pick a fight with a locksmith
Fan of the LOX bananas manic I'm going in shock
Frantic I'm trapped in a closet
Panic attack cause I'm claustrophobic
No faggot I mean I can't maneuver from movement
Cause I have no room for improvement
I'm practically squashed unpacked it and boxed it
Toxic hands are arsenic flammable bars examine the content
Bar exam start of insanity
Charles Hamilton slash Manson and Bronson
Animal snarls cannibal jaws
Shark mandibles lambs to the slaughter
Looking scamp as Hannibal stalking
Anthony Hopkins with his hands in his pockets
Black out Zach Galifianakis gallons of Vodka
But that gal has some knockers
I bet you they ring a bell when I come back and I'm conscious
What happened doc? I passed out again
Alcohol's making me break into vacant's naked
Stole a Magnum box and bag Cirocs in back of a Datsun
Fell asleep watching Fear Factor and Scare Tactics
Too close to the StairMaster
Poked a hole in the air mattress and popped it
Woke up shortly thereafter hungover
No underwear grasping a Bayer Aspirin and dropped it
Air Max in my closet preposterous Nikes made out of ostrich
And the cross stitching is a cross mixing
Of a rhinoceros possum skin giraffe and a dolphin
Fin Dockers OshKoshes drop crotches
Swatch watches and sneakers matches with the Parkers
But it's like being overstaffed at a boxing gym
With all these trainers but I don't have any boxers
And I'm standing here naked hangover still wasted
Like paper you write raps on obnoxious
Yo why does it always sound like I'm grabbing my nostrils?
Fuck that I'll battle 'em all I'll battle a mall
Iíll stand there and yell that at a wall
Until the mannequin doll scatter and the inanimate objects
That I'm battering all shatter and fall
Cause I hear the track and I'm starting to get fucking amped
I'mma spark plug I'm like the car with the cables hooked up to my fucking back I'm a Duracell
But I sure as hell got it backwards cause y'all could get jumped
And I'd catch the battery charge but
I got a hunch like your back when it's arching
When I start attacking your squadron
You'll feel like MasterCard when I'm charging
So take a swipe at me I'm coming straight at you
Like Clay Matthews from the Green Bay Packers
So get the sack of Wisconsin
That's nutbag that I'm talking who am I kidding?
You faggots are all gonna do my bidding
Don't get dragged to the auction
Neiman Marcus bags of Vuitton and all
I'll push a bitch into oncoming traffic just watch this
Stretched tinted black sedan my ass
See how mad you act when I drop you off at Saks Fifth Ave
In a fucking taxi cab to go shopping
Affable guy next door is laughable
My next whore's gonna have mechanical arms
That'll jack me off with a lotion dispenser with a motion sensor
No emotion hence I guess this sick prick dies hard
I got a Magic Johnson
It's like a Magic Wand allows me to not let a blonde arouse me
If Ronda Rousey was on the couch with the condoms out
Holding a thousand Magnums at once to pounce me
I'll laugh in response to how she dances and flaunts it around me
Her flat little badonkadonk is bouncing around
And all I see is Paulie Malign now she's slaughterhouse in a blouse
And Madonna with mud on her God dammit I am misogynist
I slap Linda Ronstadt with a lobster throw her off a balcony
Just so happens she's fond of algae
Cause now she's faceplants on the concrete
Complete lack of responsibility
Half you assholes ain't strong enough to pick up a spirit
Shit you fags couldn't shoplift at a thrift shop
But I let the track lift 'em up boost the energy
Klepto I'm back to rip shop up but my thing is this now
Five-finger discount
Been rapping so long I've been killing this shit it's easy
Kidnapping your mom cause I'm still in this bitch thievery
Ransom for JonBenÈt Ramsey Chandra Levy and Gary Condit
 Paul was scared that if I went back to the blonde
I might relapse get on some bullshit
Perhaps I'll launch some cracker taunts at Action Bronson
Macklemore Mac Miller and Asher Roth
And have some back and forths
And record a wack response to Kendrick Lamar's  verse
And perform  in concert
Yo I put that shit on a greatest hits album
Now that was awesome
It takes some massive balls to do some shit like that
Sometimes I have to ponder why people are like
And put up with my crap so long for
What's the attraction mama?
Is it the fact that I'm a walking talking actual quadruple entendre
Or the pointy nose that's pointing at you mama?
Who knows at this point it's always poking so meh
Still get along with this voice cause that's the monster
So do-si-do with a sociopath everyone who knows me knows that
What they don't know is the fact Rihanna calls me Pinocchio meh
She loves the way I lie
Sits on my face and waits for my nose to grow
Pathological liar oh why am I such an asshole
That my disguise is pants but they on fire
So am I-a wooh Cappadonna cut the track off 
Sabotage Christmas crap in your stocking
I'm wrapping up all the presents
In fucking camouflage so you can't even find 'em
Jack Santa Claus snap Rudolph's antlers off
Wrap his schnoz in gauze bandage and blind him
Blowing the head gasket at Bed Bath and Beyond
Put the basket back while the bath salt packets are gone I
Know you really tired of me sampling Billy Squier
But classic rock acid rap is the genre
Got Slash on guitar splashing Bizarre Thrasher and Aerosmith
And I'm a spectacular archer feed count Dracula Chocula
Godzilla half dragon and Bob Dylan
Bandwagoners lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Roll over and go to reach for you you're gone
This bed's empty without you
You said you're moving on
But I'm having some trouble getting there
But dwelling ain't getting me uhh anywhere
Fuckin' Valentine's Day
Fuck February stuffed teddy bear guts everywhere
Machete on the floor I smashed up every mirror
Yeah how do I look?
You fuckin' just let me here to die didn't you?
Why didn't you respond yet?
I've written you five or six different times and
I'm gettin' sick and tired of always apolo-gizing to you
I didn't do shit to deserve what you're puttin' me through
This couldn't be true we can't be over
So violets are blue roses are red
Why is it everything I do I'm reminded of you?
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointing toward the light
Saw my old sweetheart she said "honey I'm back"
Just so you don't die alone just so you don't die alone
Guess I gotta deal with the fact that you ain't never comin' back
Now every woman that I look at I'm lookin' for you
So I'm findin' something the matter with them
Excuse to not see anyone
Useless rather pick up the phone not at all followin' protocol
I get bowled like bowling balls
No balls and go to call to talk forget what I want to say
Damnit I'm drawin' blanks like I'm playin' hangman
I'm sick of playin' these games I can't handle this heartbreak
It's makin' me wanna blow out my brains
Like birthday cake candles
Hang up the phone and I shake I think I may have made a mistake
Can't escape the madness
Turn the radio on I hate this sad song
But I can't even change the station
The same one's playin' on eight channels
I lay awake in shambles I'm startin to hallucinate
I'm havin' all these visions of us at each other's wakes
In caskets and suddenly I wake and that's when I know I
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointing toward the light
Saw my old sweetheart she said "honey I'm back"
Just so you don't die alone just so you don't die alone
Give me one more bottle for the pain
Give me one more for the memories
Give me one more I'll make it taste like a steak
It'll help alleviate
It'll soothe this ache
Of trying to fake
That she's really she's really coming back
And it's been a while now but I finally realize how
Much reality sucks but it's just something about our love
I'm still in denial now dealing with the finality of it
And it's making me crazy thinking of the days we spent
And how I'll never hold you again
Ain't shit I can do about it
Now my head is overcrowded
With these clouded memories and I can't seem to get you out it
And how the fuck do you sleep comfortably
Knowing what you done did to me huh?
Did it even occur to you that I loved you?
Completely deep and madly head over heels for you
Was you and me once used to be together forever
It was supposed to be us but you crushed the dream
We was supposed to die together and it's killing me so much
When I sleep I wake up dead must be why I
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointing toward the light
Saw my old sweetheart she said "honey I'm back"
Just so you don't die alone lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Feels like a close it's coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
It's too late to start over
This is the only thing I thing I know
Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is
Find different ways to word the same old song
Ever since I came a long
From the day the song called "Hi my Name Is" dropped
Started thinkin' my name was fault
Cause any time things went wrong
I was the one who they would blame it on
The media made me the equivalent of a modern-day Genghis Khan
Tried to argue it was only entertainment dog
Gangsta? Nah courageous balls
Had to change my style they said I'm way too soft
And I sound like AZ & Nas out came the claws
And the fangs been out since then
But up until the instant that I went against it
It was ingrained in me that I wouldn't amount to a shitstain I thought
No wonder I had to unlearn everything my brain was taught
Do I really belong in this game? I pondered
I just wanna' play my part should I make waves or not?
So back and forth in my brain the tug-o-war wages on
I don't wanna' seem ungrateful or disrespect the artform I was raised upon
But sometimes you gotta' take a loss
And have people rub it in your face before you get made pissed off
Keep pluggin' it's your only outlet
And your only outfit so you know they're gonna' talk about it
Better find a way to counter it quick and make it ah
Feel like I've already said this a kabillion eighty times
How many times can I say the same thing different ways that rhyme?
What I really wanna' say is if there's anyone else that can relate to my story
Bet 'cha feel the same way I felt when I was in the same place you are
When I was afraid ta'
I was a... afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way out
Afraid I'd never be found
I don't wanna' go another round
An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not run
Guts over fear 
Guts over fear 
For all the times I let you push me round
And let you keep me down
Now I got guts over fear guts over fear
Feels like a close it's coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
It's too late to start over
This is the only thing I thing I know
I know what it's like I was there once single parents
Hate your appearance did you struggle to find your place in this world?
And the pain spawns all the anger on
But it wasn't until I put the pain in songs learned who to aim it on
That I made a spark started to spit hard as shit
Learned how to harness it while the reins were off
And there was a lot of bizarre shit but the crazy part
Was soon as I stopped saying 
Haters started to appreciate my art
And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I've caused
But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone?
And the lights go out in that trailer park?
And the window is closing and there's nowhere else that I can go with flows
And I'm frozen cause there's no more emotion for me to pull from
Just a bunch of playful songs that I make for fun
So to the break of dawn here I go recycling the same old song
But I'd rather make  than make another motherfucking  uh
And I don't wanna' seem indulgent when I discuss my lows and my highs
My demise and my uprise pray to God
I just opened enough eyes later on
Gave you the supplies and the tools to hopefully use that'll make ya' strong
Enough to lift yourself up when you feel like I felt
'Cause I can't explain to y'all how dang exhausted my legs felt
Just havin' to balance my dang self
When on eggshells I was made to walk
But thank you ma 'cause that gave me the
Strength to cause Shady-mania
So when they empty that stadium
'Least I made it out ta that house and a found a place in this world when the day was done
So this is for every kid who all's they ever did was dreamt of one day just getting accepted
I represent him or her anyone similar you are the reason that I made this song
And everything you're scared to say don't be afraid to say no more
From this day forward just let them a-holes talk
Take it with a grain of salt and eat their fuckin' faces off
The legend of the angry blonde lives on through you when I'm gone
And to think I was a...
I was a... afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way o-o-out
Afraid I'd never be found
I don't wanna go another round
An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not run
Guts over fear 
Guts over fear 
For all the times I let you push me round
And let you keep me down
Now I got guts over fear lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Another day another hotel the inside of it's nice though
Oh well this is my life so
As I go and try to close for the night's show
See how far that line goes
Still blows my mind show
Business guess I'll just never get
So this shit just always feels so weird
To this day because all I ever did
Was just say the shit I wouldve wanted to hear
Other people say to me when I was a kid
So please don't make me some type of hero
Cause I will say some inspirational shit in a real way
But still will have a field day with some of the
Fucked up shit in the world and tell it to suck the dick
Cause I still make fun of a sit.
Someone's in like a son of a bitch
At another's expense I'm fuckin' relentless
As fuck when it comes to this pen
I struggle with coming to my senses
Stuck on the fence on a balance beam if I seem unbalanced
It's challenging but my conscience allows me to think
The most foulish childish things without even blinking
Without even thinkin' about all the stinkin' amounts of people that seem to be reachin' in the crowds
I'm scream in the palace sold out this evening
But now it's lay me down to sleeping
Is it really my soul to keep or
Have I sold it cheap is it greed
Do I take more than I need
When I joke about leavin'
But keep over achievin'
Because what's stolen from me barely broke even
It's a fine fine line
It's a fine fine line
So I notice how I paint myself
And through my hair when ordeals I'm so vain
I want my respect but ignore the
Butterfly effect that comes from my dialect
Till I sit in the dark and I reflect
And my reflection shows what it's like here
Cause this vanity surrounded by all these lights yeah
It's like a nightmare
I said this vanity surrounded by these lights is a nightmare
And I don't like how I see myself so I
Open the Bible to Isaiah cause
I swear to Christ there are nights where
I stay up at night just to say a prayer twice
Just to make sure God hears cause this ice layer
Ice skate on the nice way
Puting it but I like staying
Feistier then a triceritops and like a dice player
I got a nice pair of dice here
Sealed off in my lair
Away from the bullshit good safe place to sit and talk shit
From in this house it's quite bare but it ain't when you can't leave it
And I feel so isolated nice I made it
But it's like I payed the price of fame twice I hate it
So I bitch about my life then make another song it's a cycle ain't it
Then I wonder why I stay famous
Keep walkin' the line
This gold fish poke gets old
But especially when you don't know
If your conscience is sayin' I told you so
You don't even know anymore if you got the soul of a soldier
Or if you sold your soul
It's a fine fine line
It's a fine fine line
And from here you look so small
Hovering high above us all
Please come back to me
I still remember the times when
They were simpler than the rhymes of
Vanilla Ice were when I was just killin' the mics
I'll never forget what that feeling was like I
Miss those times now when I was just starting out
Without a dime and now I'm diamond
Can't even stage dive in the crowd anymore now when I've been
Stuck in this house hibernatin'
Hate even going outside it
Sucks sometimes I just wanna walk in Target and look at shit Browse I don't even want to buy nothin'
I just wanna fuckin' walk around inside it
Look how excited I sound when I get to talkin' bout life and
Everything about it I miss
Which now reminds me
Put a thousand lighters in the sky for the Outsidaz
Wow I must have had Alzheimers
Long time since I shouted them out bout time
Cause it's been on my mind lately how
Zee you always supported me
You vouched I will never forget that and
How you guys accepted me for me and Pace
I love you too you slept on my couch
And I been thinkin' bout the time I slept on the floor at the outhouse
Rhyming is all we ever wanted to do
And regardless how life has turned out
Inside I'll always be an outsider
My life has been turned inside out but I
It's a fine fine line
It's a fine lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I feel phenomenal as usual
Pharmaceuticals glue stick to crucify me at Bonnaroo
But I don't know if I'm in Tennessee Chicago or Houston
In the corner trying to seek solitude
Shallow but such a hollow dude
I won't even swallow solid food
Alcoholic too plus I'm on lean like the Tower of Pisa
Top it off I'm on mushrooms so fuck all of you
Roses to violet mollies are blue
Lost in a ball of confusion
Its all an illusion
It's probably the shrooms I'm on
Cause I think I started hallucinating
Cause I just thought I just heard Jay Electronica and Odd Future's new shit
And all I can do is follow the music
And end up with Paula Abdul at Lollapalooza
Fillin' water balloons with nail polish remover
Just a problem in wallowing fumes
I feel uptight I gotta get looser
After I finish polishing off this bottle of booze I got a solution
Concentrated like orange juice so I'm not as diluted
Cause all this delusion got me seein' shit
Excusez-moi but that coochie that passed
You see her ass? Wouldn't make her my main squeeze
But juicier ass it belongs in a juicer
It's mouth waterin' too so I walked up to it like I'm Marshall
Wanna try to meet my standards? I'll Introduce ya
Oh I'm a misogynist too but I'm not a masseuse
But my attitude is rubbin' off on the youth
A chronic abuser not only user of marijuana
I mean verbal assault that I use to smoke all of you losers
Got a bazooka a shotgun a ruger a Glock and a nuke
And a Rottweiler too I'm not in the mood so
When I say I'm bringing the TEC out
I'm not coming to repair your fuckin' electronic computers
God I'm gonna puke
I'm so gone off the hookah
I think I swallowed a loofah
I'm tore up demolished a fuckin' stone like Oliver
Like I looked Medusa in the eyeball to seduce her
The thoughts I produce are loony tunes
The box of usable latex gloves and the socks and the shoes
To replace next up Veronica's boobs
And a paychecks that were stuffed in a glove box
In a blue Honda with used condoms were clues
The girl was just not the one suitable for him
Right For Me will change me rearrange my head to be
Just right for you and me donít laugh please listen
Donít laugh please listen
Thought I could endure the pressure
Collapse and crumble perhaps
Relapsing under that
Well that's a bunch of crap
In the clutch I'm the Captain Crunch of rap
And I'm sick of acting humble thats enough of that
Fuck that shit cut the sack
Like its a natural reaction
That's why I'm actually trapped in this shoving match
Cause push keeps coming to that
I can keep getting my ass kicked keep it coming back
Like a sarcastic crumpled sack of shit so mad
Disgruntled had some struggles yeah
But that passionate hunger's back
The fantastic juggling act
And the way I flip my tongue on the track
It's like verbal acrobatics
But in fact
Last time I tried to pull off a dramatic stunt as drastic
I fuckin' crashed my hovercraft
After I strapped the duffel bag to my back
And stuck the massive punchin' bag in it
An elastic bungee strap proper plaster a thumb tack
And a piece of plastic bubble wrap
Went spastic and fuckin' snapped
Jumped and splashed in a puddle of battery acid
Stumbled back recovered back flipped
And landed on a gymnastic tumble mat
And for my last trick lunge on back lash
On a NASA shuttle flap fuckin' snapped the rudder in half
Chuckled and laughed buttaled my last rebuttal
And just asked him to come crash
And I go grab my go-go-gadget inflatable gigantic humongous mattress
And ceramic construction hat
Rubbed my magic mushroom tat
Fell off then splat get up from that
Face taped to a waste paper basket
Throw up then gas lungs collapse
And that's more likely than finding someone that's
Couple of shots of J‰ger
Public intoxication dis-fuckin'-combobulation
Flooded with thoughts of anger
While I was away I know probably some of you got to thinkin'
 stop cause you fuckers are talkin' crazy
And stop interrupting you're not even up in the conversation
Whether you're punchin' a clock or famous
Underground pop or nameless whatever your job is
I came to fuck with your occupation
You're thinkin' just cause you came in with scrubs
And you brought the scalpel and sponge
The oxygen tank and the suction and shot the brain surgeon
Stuck in the operating room
Once you done swapped your name with him
Smuggled in Ronald Reagan
If you duck him up Donald Fagen
While juggling waffles baking
Fuckin' McDonalds egg and cheese sausage bagel finagle
They flung it across the table
Then bump it and knock it shake it
Jumped and got in the way then disrupted my concentration
I said fuck it and lost my patience
Since they all woke up from sedation
Ain't none of you Doctor Dre
So then what does it got you thinkin'
That you can fuck with this operation
Aftermath lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Royce Da 5'9" Big Sean Danny Brown Dej Loaf & Trick-Trick)
Detroit!
Tell 'em if they want it they can come get that static
I swear I love my city I just want a little static
See me they salute me they ain't ready for that static
Detroit vs. Everybody
I took a bite out the rotten apple by the poison tree
All these females need to email to make noise
And now things changin' a lot he fuck with my authority
Then he shall sea shells but not by the seashore
If he gang bangin' or not
It's simple as the alphabet
He F with me that G shall surely see
He definitely is 'bout it it's retail fraud he's sweet
The honest gesture
The trigger finger 'round the diamond tester we tell flaw with heat
The same soldier it's me myself and I
Ridin' 'round shootin' my biopic and my autobiography
Range Rover this ain't the squash beef state
You thinkin' makeup call it the unforgivable robbery
A wise man told me that holdin' a grudge is like
Lettin' somebody just live inside of your head rent free
Real talk I don't got time to evict these clowns
Y'all niggas been bitches that's none of my business but I don't sip tea
 Ridin' around this block
All we knows is pitfalls that's why he's always climbin' out his drop
 Do you wanna ride or die?
Shawn Don
Boy I need no half's a half I want the game in entirety
Hundred percent cut no stitches required
Welcome to Detroit where is you get that promotion
Don't worry man those bullets will still be at your ass firin'
I still call it safe I would suck if I was umpiring
Boy hit the beat & just treat that shit like it's a diary
I'm offended if you hear my new shit and you ain't rewindin' me
Self made I've never needed your bail or a wire see
I'm never callin' collect I call to collect
My homie wanted a Chevy so I put my dawg in a vet
Ha plus I'm so loyal that that paper boys is all that I fetch
If the the ball in my hand then the ball in the net
Bitch I'm the D can't no offense dunk on me
I'm Mr. Big Shot these hoes get drunk off me
I'm over respected my mama gated community's over protective
So futuristic I'm already over my next bitch
Reminiscin' all listening to 50 fifty times a day
Back when tenth grade was like 50 days away
Tryin' to get paid 50 ways a day
Used to put 50 on the layaway now my closet 50 shades of grey
Twenty six and I done lived a life time a few times
From futons to Grey Poupon's
In church tryin' to get a little savings yeah coupon
I spit that A1 every day I'm hittin' new primes
Now the stakes high niggas surprised at the new lines
Takin' down my number like 
Naw it's the same we been laborin' for years
I know it took way longer than nine months but fuck it it's all in due time
I turned a blunt to a roach with dreams of bein' a Beatle though
Don't want to I need to gotta learn to keep it cerebral
When you come up in a place where everyone got a piece but ain't peaceful
This is just part one wait 'til the sequel
Tell 'em if they want it they can come get that static
I swear I love my city I just want a little static
See me they salute me they ain't ready for that static
Detroit vs. Everybody
Comin' from them streets where they thirsty starvin' to eat
Just a step away from failin' that's why they call it the D
Arguably the whole reason for all of this honesty
Honestly no honor roll but honored up in them streets
Cause I'm a Linwood nigga them young niggas hit ya
Put a stack on your head you'll bleed a lake on Grand River
If you think your hood harder then I might beg to differ
Know some killas pull the trigger for a Swisher and Miller
If the blicka hit ya kisser bet yo ass not remembering
They say my city's tougher than two fat bitches scissorin'
So nigga I'm a veteran retire my letterman
Had K's in front ya school but I ain't going to Ketteran
Cough up a lung 313 where I'm from
Ghan got me cross eyed like Bernstein's son
Any nigga try to copy put a hole in his top
It's us vs. them Detroit vs Everybody
Lately it seems as if it's me against the world
Like it was before my life became a movie
And they used to use my mother fuckin' trailer to tease me with
But I flipped that script like a refilla a
Painkillers to pop that lid off that safety seal
It made me feel amazing navy seal of bravery
And if I may reiterate I ain't even need a script
Ain't bein' conceited
But I made it to radio eat a dick
I still never ABC'D the shit
Mainstream appeal but the skill is what made me iller
Since before they called Jay Dee Dilla
I was daydreamin' one day I would be the shit
And if I ever end up escapin' the streets I swear that I would stay here
Still in it I'm crazy I'll always be real
Don't make me steal an eighteen-wheeler
Break all of my friends out of here and take 'em straight to the Mercedes dealer
Peel off back to the same block that we came from on a rampage to crazy?
For me to flip
What's makin' you think I need a switch? Cause I'm Adrian Peterson
When he's raging and heated and on the way to go beat his kid
On the track get spanked like he just did
 I can't never leave this bitch
Sick of bein' treated like me and shit
But Jesus I can see just why people quit callin' me to do features
And them cyphers on BET cause if
I wasn't me I probably wouldn't wanna play with me neither shit
Seems to be reachin' it's fever pitch
One hundred and eighty degrees in here
Shoulder blade full of cedar chips
MC's just bit off more than they can chew like a face full of Swedish Fish
Or Lorena with a two penises
Hateful and genius ness inconvenience
And for the record you don't want this type of static in your life
When I'm makin' you cling
May consider tryin' to reinsulate ya windows may be in or another crazy winter
Cause so cold in the D it is as days begin to tick away
But ain't this really what made me into the angry bitter blond
But ain't we sick of bein' underdogs
Don't make me unleash this shit release this Pit
May even seem as if
I'm yankin' your chain a bit or maybe the way in which I'm sayin' shit
Is playin' with ya but ain't shit changin'
And it's still the same shit and Shady's still a lady killer
Since the day I went insane and then attacked the babysitter
With the potato peeler mushed her face into the entertainment center
It's like another plane just entered into Ukraine again
The Bermuda Triangle and attempted to make a safe descent
Awaiting anyone who ain't affiliated it could be danger
Did you make arrangements with the gangsters 'for you came here?
And if they mention us
Tell 'em if they want it they can come get that static
I swear I love my city I just want a little static
See me they salute me they ain't ready for that static
Detroit vs. Everybody
What up though it's the godfather Trick Trick. You either ridin' with us or gettin' rolled on. That means Detroit vs. Everybody! Hey Em let me get that instrumental take it down to the hood lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yo if you could just for one minute
Or one split second in time forget everything
Everything that bothers you all your problems
Everything and follow me
If I was frozen inside of a moment
If I could capture time inside a capsule
An hourglass full of sand in the palm of my hand it passes through it
If I can grasp it and just control what happens to it
Then I can trap it so no more time elapses through it
If raps could do it maybe I could tap into it
Then I could try to channel it through Cadillacs and Buicks
To transmit through 'em to make you put your ass into it
And that's when you hit the roof because you can't sit through it
Your passions too much for you to not be dancing to it
And as you do it your movements become fast and fluent
You're mashin' to it moshing until you're black and bluish
You're acting foolish this music it has influenced you to be rowdy but in an orderly fashion
True it's chaotic but it's got your body moving as a unit
Uniting together tonight so make it last and you better just
Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it we won't never let it go 
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time to sit there and procrastinate 
Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it we won't never let it go 
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time to sit there and procrastinate 
Cause when we descend together we begin to move as one
In perfect unison just like the moon and sun
Illuminate the room and humans soon become aluminum
Rhythmically in sync if you'll excuse the pun
But if you could lose it once I mean if you could let shit go
Relax take a breath and just let it exit slow
To rest your soul you could leave the rest to me
If I could give the world a hit of ecstasy
To make 'em feel the feeling that I'm feeling right this minute
Cause I feel like the night won't end til I get finished
So close the shades makin' sure no light gets in it
The sky's the limit tonight because the night's infinite
A high percentage of black people and white mixed in it
But no one really gives a fuck cause they just like what's spinnin'
His life was spinnin' the whole entire night just spinnin'
Like life's beginning so come out from inside your skin and quit hidin' in it
Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it we won't never let it go 
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time to sit there and procrastinate 
Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it we won't never let it go 
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Ryan's a homocidal misfit
I write the solution of biophysics
On the side of a cliff and some hieroglyphics
This my admission to having violence psychotic
With the vile polish politics by the way I'm higher than the Eiffel tower tip
I like writing but I will stick this pencil in your ass before I bite ya shit
Pause inhale hell n kush us and Yealwolf like a heavy foot gas pedal push
Felon's crooks going door to door like he's selling books Dolly Parton style melons mush
Now my bitch dancer I'm bout as sick as cancer
If you could swallow my style you probably rip ya pants off
If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody
It'd probably smell like cologne made out of bits of panther
They call me anchor man I'll hold down the ship
Leave you niggas floating in water and go and drown a fish
fuck I'm fucking heinous I'll make you fucking famous
Them lead showers is coming fuck is you sayin'
Fuck it's fucking raining shit it's lightening
Bitch its thundering cause I'm hushing up I'm a storm if you wonderin'
Shit you could muster up a thought to take a toter? and a brain fart
Want urine in your face all you had to do was say it
You wish you woulda just stayed pissed off in the first place
We came to monopolise the game
Illuminati is here yeah human oddities
at odds with us just whats gotta be
Cause we started out cold and it snowballed
We froze soon as we rolled up on these hoes
All's we know is you over the bar like Limbo/Limbaugh
You know who you are
So quit fucking the dark before we start callin' you bizaare
Shit screw the boots ya'll dun raped a pitbull
Fell in love with Shih-tzu
This is directed directly at you
And as for these hoes who don't know me from a can of paint
You must be huffin' fuck a ballsack if the taints can't take you on a date
You mistake me for a gentleman your 2000 and late man Will-I-aint
I'm the bad guy type of guy that will drag 5 girls up on stage
Pour ice in their pants and the first one who pee's gets a black eye
You must be outta ya mind
You think you fucking with us
Suck on these nuts
Bitch hang it up this game is over
Puffing loosies watching I Love Lucy with Gary Busey
Crazy how the fuck could you son me? I'm Shady
Will there ever come a day when they could slay me?
I don't know fifth month black and yellow insect maybe
Til then I kill the bad man tryna slay me
Everything you kick weak your speak kung fu yazy
All my homeboys 2.0 boys
Nickle I just picked up a Phantom look how it rolls Royce!
Even if I wanted to quit I ain't got no choice
Verses keep coming I should invoice my own voice
You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoist
Hoes be like diamonds in your chain man so moist
Bang bang bang bang house gang chainsaw
Here to kill you pussy's don't ask what we came for
I write til my right arm vein's sore
Forearm feel like Thor's arm in a gang war
You hear that Yaowa you know who finna file out
Definitively finish you my fist stick out that eyeball
Piranha mentality with a jaws bite all night
Coming up never saw light but never lost sight
Jets and movers cess-poolers meth abusers
You step to us text rugers to respect the shooters
My men think in sync roll with the best crew
Move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger
Welcome to nay hood bigger than jects G
Cheated death multiple times without riggin the deck
So I'm well prepped if you just want war
There'll be blood everywhere you be laying on the Louboutin floor
It's raw you keep acting like you don't know Mouse nigga
And you gon' need the best doctors house nigga
Guard your jewels and avoid large tools
Cause after I spill you at the light you be in a car pool
Keep your distance from idiots cause the truth told
They food for thought's rotten they gems are fool's gold
Need results from my actions mistakes I'll exonerate
I'm Martin King staring at a picture of Obama's face
Talking funds niggas ain't never seen stock
I don't need the key to the game I pick a mean lock
You must be outta ya mind
You think you fucking with us
Suck on these nuts
Bitch hang it up this game is over
Takeoff you invited inside of the mind of a psychotic rhymer
I'm kind of a Dahmer I'm grinding
Now rappers are lining up jackers I'm climbing up ladders
I buy enough clappers to retire you factors fire at drama
You liars and actors I'm the genuine article
But read me wrong get my gun and split you to particles particles
Tell me when and I'm there
Not only heir to the throne but my chair is suspended in air
Stay fly like a limited fare
You got us pegged wrong my circle don't fit in with squares
I smell shit and piss know where it's coming from
You stepped on number two just to be number one
Now I'ma step on you bring it to yo yard
Bogart for arts we go hard
You frauds just blow hard like broads I coast guard the west
I'm Mozart I compose dark shit with no heart
I got no Jim Beam in the liver
Getting head like clean clippers with haters on my dick like a jeans zipper
When I throw up 16's like I drink liquor
You think you seen sick? Well bitch you ain't seen sicker
Then I'll crack and then I'll hop around in a hospital gown
Popping the trunk my pumper stay cocking the round
I shit logs and I piss river brown
Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile
And that's as close as I get to a pyramid
Shit they think I'm Illuminati so fuckin' ignorant
Sick with a grin here with this pen so innocent
But when you win they say you a sin but in the end
They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playing
Skinny-ass pants sagging it's only yourself you playing
Call me a clown but you love where the clown's hanging
And the freakshow's at the county carnival then you pay
Bitch I'm on a trapeze with no legs in the dark
Yelling  driving slower than an old lady
In an old '89 no piece if you pay me
Gimme peace sign on my grill no Mercedes
I'm getting paid for these shows that I throw lately
Same shows a year ago woulda broken most of you crazies
They call me crazy cause I made it
Bitch you crazy cause you quit look at my clique lately
You ain't fucking wit' Budden you ain't got no choice with Royce
You don't wanna see the Crooked I well listen to Ortiz voice
That dirt road hit the 8 Mile the porno boys
And if Marshall want me to clap then homie I deploy
Game over
Yo I don't think they heard you lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless
Patrolling corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action
Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer 
And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in the wild hood
As a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood
That I used as an excuse
And aint shit changed
But kept the same mindstate
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence I just encourage it
I laugh at the sight of death
As I fall down a cement flight of steps
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind
You and a friend
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live do it again
Shit why not? Blow your brain out
I'm blowing mine out
Fuck it you only live once you might as well die now
It's only fair to warn
I was born with a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord
Warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board
That smashed into your Honda Accord
With a 4 door Ford
But I'm more toward droppin an accapella
And choppin' a fella
To mozarella
Worse than a hellacopta propella
Got you locked in the cella
With your skeleton showing
Developing anorexia
While I'm standin next to ya
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death
With an IV in your veins
Feeding you liquid darvicet
Pumping you full of drugs
Pull the plugs
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
Who were picked up in an ambulance
And driven
To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants
And given
A less than 20 percent chance
Of living
Have a possible placement
It's a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream 
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp
And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire department
I've hired a arson
To set fire to carpet
And burn up your entire apartment
I'm a liar to start shit 
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick
So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit
Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg
Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40
Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D
Fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead
No more said case closed end of discussion
I'm blowin up like spontaneous human combustion
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombas 
We blowin up your house killing your parents 
and coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus
Cause I aint making no more threats
I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more cause I smoked crack  
today yesterday lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
You probably gonna think that I'm talking about you and you goddamn right I am
look at you this is the minimal I could diss you
subliminally but I think criminal instinct
has pushed me to the brink my pussy does it stink
he still loves me cause he puts me in his ink
he does doesn't he still is isn't he?
Nah I'm just playing tug of war with his heart cause he misses me
I can still fuck him and leave him whenever I feel frisky
and there's no risk of disease cause he ain't with anyone is he?
this bitch really thinks she can get me
if she still wants me driving across country
strapped him to the front seat missing all the front teeth
thinking to herself when's the next time he's gonna punch me?
I told this cunt she's gonna over-do it once
and once she does she'll  be stuffed up in a trunk
crunch he scrunched her up in a ball
bunched up nice and comfy
fuck around get dumped up in a lake 'fore you dump me
you cunning little cunt deceitful witch
you thought you had me 'till my shrink told me this
The problem is all inside your head she said to me
The answer is easy if you take it logically
I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free
There must be 50 ways to leave your lover
I feel like a serial killer
I keep dumping bodies in the lake Imma get caught and sent up the river
I shiver when I think of the company I keep
how do I know she ain't gonna kill me when I sleep?
I shriek every time she hands me something to drink
sex kept us together when we slept together everything
was all better she made me feel like a king
slowly she began lowering my self-esteem
she go to the club and not answer the phone when I call her
and I just bought her a truck for 50000 dollars
accused me of doing drugs and screaming 
then I find a bag of coke on her some marijuana
and all I know is every time I go
to them hiding spots wherever she hides her blow
the little bags of dope there was a pile of coke
that's growing smaller and that was just a while ago
and I wouldn't even let on like I know
what was I supposed to do call her out on it? we just argue
say she put it down on purpose and flipped the whole script
ooh she's a manipulative evil bitch
a cunning little cunt little deceitful witch
she thought she had me lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
It's alright it's OK I'm gonna make it anyway
I'ma make it I'ma make it I'ma make it.. somehow...
Sometimes I just feel like quitting I still might
Why do I put up this fight why do I still write
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealing with real life
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
And show these people what my level of skill's like
But I'm still white sometimes I just hate life
Something ain't right hit the brake lights
Case of the stage fright drawing a blank like
Da-duh-duh-da-da it ain't my fault
Breaking eye balls my insides crawl
and I clam up  I just slam shut
I just can't do it my whole manhood's
just been stripped I have just been vicked
So I must then get off the bus then split
Man fuck this shit yo I'm going the fuck home
World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road
I'm a man I'ma make a new plan
Time for me to just stand up and travel new land
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back
 And I'm gone I know right where I'm going
Sorry momma I'm grown I must travel alone
ain't gon' follow the footsteps I'm making my own
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road
I'm walking these train tracks trying to regain back
the spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap
To the same plant and the same pants
Trying to chase rap gotta move ASAP
And get a new plan momma's got a new man
Poor little baby sister she don't understand
Sits in front of the TV buries her nose in the pad
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
While she colors her big brother and mother and dad
Ain't no telling what really goes on in her little head
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had
But I keep running from something I never wanted so bad!
Sometimes I get upset cause I ain't blew up yet
It's like I grew up but I ain't grow me two nuts yet
Don't gotta rep my step don't got enough pep
The pressure's too much man I'm just trying to do what's best
And I try sit alone and I cry
Yo I won't tell no lie not a moment goes by
That I don't pray to the sky please I'm begging you God
Please don't let me be pigeon holed in no regular job
Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are
Yo I'm telling you dawg I'm balling this trailer tomorrow
Tell my mother I love her kiss baby sister goodbye
Say whenever you need me baby I'm never too far
But yo I gotta get out there the only way I know
And I'ma be back for you the second that I blow
On everything I own I'll make it on my own
Off to work I go back to this 8 Mile Road
You gotta live it to feel it you didn't you wouldn't get it
Or see what the big deal is why it wasn't the skillest
To be walking this borderline of Detroit city limits
It's different it's a certain significance
A certificate of authenticity you'd never even see
But it's everything to me it's my credibility
You never seen heard smelled or met a real MC
who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me
But yet I'm still unsigned having a rough time
Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes
Go to work and serve MC's in the lunchline
But when it comes crunch time where do my punchlines go
Who must I show to bust my flow
Where must I go who must I know
Or am I just another crab in the bucket
Cause I ain't having no luck with this little rabbit's foot fuck it
Maybe I need a new outlet I'm starting to doubt shit
I'm feeling a little skeptical who I hang out with
I look like a bum yo my clothes ain't about shit
At the Salvation Army trying to salvage an outfit
And it's cold trying to travel this road
Plus I feel like I'm on stuck in this battling mode
My defenses are so up but one thing I don't want
Is pity from no one the city is no fun
There is no sun and it's so dark
Sometimes I feel like I'm just being pulled apart
From each one of my limbs by each one of my friends
It's enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin
Sometimes I feel like a robot sometimes I just know not
What I'm doing I just blow my head is a stove top
I just explode the kettle gets so hot
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the acid I don't got
But I've learned it's time for me to U-turn
Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned
Ain't no calling her next time I need a new girl
I can no longer play stupid or be immature
I got every ingredient all I need is the courage
Like I already got the beat all I need is the words
Got the urge suddenly it's a surge
Suddenly a new burst of energy has occurred
Time to show these free world leaders the three and a third
I am no longer scared nowLotto"" lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Lotto""
Yo it's time to get rid of this coward once and for all.
I'm sick of the motherfucker! Check this shit out!
I'll spit a racial slur honky sue me!
This shit is a horror flick
But the black guy doesn't die in this movie!
Fuckin' wit Lotto dawg you gotta be kidding!
That makes me believe you really don't have a interest in living!
You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say?
I got a better chance joining the KKK.
Or some real shit though I like you
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to
Fuck 'Lotto' call me your leader
I feel bad I gotta murder that dude from 
I used to like that show now you got me to  mode
But oh well if you gotta go then you gotta go!
I hate to do this I would love for this shit to last
So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass
And all's well that ends OK.
So I'll end this shit wit a "Fuck you but have a nice day!"
Ward I think you were a little hard on the Beaver
So was Eddie Haskal Wally and Ms. Cleaver
This guy keeps screamin' he's paranoid!
Quick someone get his ass another steroid!
I ain't hear a word you said 
Is that a tank top or a new bra?
Look Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boob job!
Didn't you listen to the last round meat head?
Pay attention you're sayin' the same shit that he said!
Matter fact dog here's a pencil
Go home write some shit make it suspenseful
And don't come back until something dope hits you
Fuck it! You can take the mic home with you!
Lookin' like a cyclone hit you
Tank top screamin' "LottoPapa Doc"" lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Papa Doc""
Now everybody from the 313
Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me
Everybody from the 313
Put your motherfucking hands up
Look look
Now while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This free world got you gassed up
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf
1 2 3 and to the 4
1 Pac 2 Pac 3 Pac 4
4 Pac 3 Pac 2 Pac 1
You're Pac he's Pac you're Pacs: none
This guy ain't no motherfucking MC
I know everything he's got to say against me
I am white I am a fucking bum
I do live in a trailer with my mom
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom.
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob
Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl
I'm still standing here screaming 
Don't ever try to judge me dude
You don't know what the fuck I've been through
But I know something about you
You went to Cranbrook. That's a private school
What's the matter dawg? You embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster? His real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle he's shook
'Cause ain't no such things as half-way crooks
He's scared to death
He's scared to look
In his fucking yearbook
Fuck Cranbrook
Fuck a beat I go a capella
Fuck a Papa Doc fuck a clock fuck a trailer
fuck everybody
Fuck y'all if you doubt me
I'm a piece of fucking white trash I say it proudly
And fuck this battle I don't wanna win I'm outty
HereLickty Spilt"" lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Lickty Spilt""
This guy's a choke artist
Ya catch a bad one
Your better off shootin yourself
With Papa Doc's handgun
Climbin up this mountain your weak
Ill leave you lost without a paddle
Floatin shits creek
You ain't Detroit Im the D
Your the new kid on the block
Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks
Fuckin Nazi this crowd ain't your type
Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice
And what I tell you you better use it
This guy's a hillbilly this ain't Willie Nelson music
Trailor trash Ill choke you to your last breath
And have you lookin foolish 
Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself
Silly Rabbit I know why they call you that
Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack
And when you actin up thats when you got jacked up
And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up
Ill crack your shoulder blade
Youll get dropped so hard 
Elvis will start turnin in his grave
I dont know why they let you out in the dark
You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile
To the trailor park
This guy raps like his parents jerked him
He sounds like Eric Sermon the generic version
This whole crowd looks suspicious
Its all dudes in here except for these bitches
So Im a German Eh
Thats ok you look like a fuckin worm with braids
These Leaders of the Free World rookies
Lookie how can 6 dicks be pussies
Talkin bout shits creek
Bitch you could be up piss creek 
With paddles this deep
Your still gonna sink
Your a disgrace
Yeah lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Kanye West Wiz Khalifa Ron Pope)
A drop in the ocean a change in the weather
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert
But I'm holding you closer than most'cause you are my heaven.
How you listen to a girl that still wanna man
Tell me the truth is that a man or Juwanna Mann
I'm wonderin' why she  like Wanda then
When we met you was a V like Madonna man
Now you in the field runnin' plays like Donovan
McNabb before you get in a cab
I'll trade in my cab
Just to take you back to last summer man
You don't remember when you was my sweetest
You don't remember when I called you Reese's Pieces
Cause it's no wrong way to do you know what
She turned around and giggle said; 
But nowadays we actin' way too grown up
Like how ya ex girl get the new numba
The rumors was so numerous
For stickin' by me I had to give you two thumbs up
And that's why
A drop in the ocean a change in the weather
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
So young so full of life and vibrant
Side by side wherever you was ridin' I went
So close almost was some Bonnie and Clyde shit
When Ronnie died you was right by my side
With a shoulder to cry on and a tissue to wipe my eyes
And a bucket to catch every tear I cried inside it
You even had the same type of childhood I did
Sometimes I just wanna know why
Is it that you surcame to yours
And mine I survived it
You ran the streets I nine to fived it
We grew up grew apart as time went by us
Then I blew up to both yours and mine surprises
Now I feel the vibe I just cant describe it
Much as your pride tries to hide it
You're cold your touch its like ice
And your eyes is the look of resentment
I can sense it and I don't like it
A drop in the ocean a change in the weather
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
Uh stuck alone in this wave race
Say I'm living too fast don't plan on changing my pace
Got one foot on the gas it's never a need for brakes
Smoke ez-rider's with hash fuck bitches from out of state
Valet bringing my cars waiter bringing me plates
Shrimp and fillet Mignon we celebrate buying drinks
Wit a couple of broads my nigga's who got love for me
It's lonely at the top I'm tired of having company
Uh so while you busy trying to fit in I'm a stand out
And view my life through this lens to see how it pan's out
Substitute teacher ass nigga's need a handout
Middle finger screaming fuck them nigga's who hated
I'm money affiliated
Pop another bottle that chronic smokin degraded
Speculating me landing must of got me mistaken
I'm speaking as the captain of the planes
You's a runner on the jet way
A drop in the ocean a change in the weather
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist
They call me Slim Roethlisberger
I go bezerker than a fed-up post-office worker
A merk her with a Mossberg
I'm pissed off get murdered
Like someone took a ketchup squirter
Squirted a frankfurter
For a gangster you shoulda shit your pants
When you saw the chainsaw get to waving
Like a terrible towel
I faced her around
But his fangs come out
Get your brains blown out
That's what I call blowing your mind
When I come back
Like nut on your spine
I'm a thumb tack
That you slept on son
Now here I come screaming attack like I just stepped on one
Low on the totem till he showed 'em
Defiance giant scrotum
He don't owe them bitches shit
His bridges he out grow'd em
Come on come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Something's gone terribly wrong
You're all I wanted
Come on come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Can't breath whenever you gone
Can't turn back now I'm haunted
I'm back for revenge
I lost a battle that ain't happening again
I'm at your throat like strep
I step strapped with a pen
Metaphors wrote on my hand
Someone distorted my mint
Read some I wrote on a napkin
I do what I have to to win
Pull at it all stops any who touch a mic prior's
Not even Austin Powers how the fuck are they Mike Meyers
And tell that psycho to pass the torch
To the whack before I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern
And smash it on his porch
Now get off my dick
Dick's too short a word for my dick
Get off my antidisestablishmentariani sm you prick
You call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer
I just blew up the challenger matter fact I need a lawyer
I displaced my clause with enough plaster
To make a cast beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like burn choyder
You're the Eminem backwards you're mini-me
See he's in a whole nother weight class
He smokes your BB's you beat back bullets
You're full of it; you were just in his CD's
Left at Infinite now he's back like someone pissed in his wheaties
No peace treaties he's turned into a beast
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E
I'm haunted I'm dead your gone
Come on come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Something's gone terribly wrong
Won't finish what you started
Come on come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Can't breath whenever you gone
Can't go back lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hi!
Original Bad Boy on the case cover your face
Came in the place blowed and sprayed Puffy with Mase
I laced the weed with insect repellent better check the smelly
Eminem starts with E better check the spelling
with a capital somebody grab me a Snapple
I got an aspirin capsule trapped in my adam's apple 
Somebody dropped me on my head and I was sure
that my mother did it but the bitch won't admit it was her
I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months
and said 
The world ain't ready for me yet I can tell
I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell
I'm sicker than sperm cells with syphillis germs
and I'm hotter than my dick is when I piss and it burns
I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach
and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it 
 Hit you in the head with a brick til you plummet
If y'all don't like me you can suck my dick til you numb it
And all that gibberish you was spittin you need to kill it
Cause your style is like dyin in my sleep I don't feel it
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- hello hi!
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- do you hear me?
Is fuckin crazy
I'm ice grillin you starin you down with a gremlin grin
I'm Eminem you're a fag in a women's gym
I'm Slim the Shady is really a fake alias
to save me with in case I get chased by space aliens
A brainiac with a cranium packed full of more uranium
than a maniac Saudi Arabian
A highly combustible head spazmatic
strapped to a Kraftmatic adjustable bed
Laid up in the hospital in critical condition
I flatlined; jumped up and ran from the mortician
High speed IV full of thai weed
Lookin Chinese with my knees stuck together like siamese
twins joined at the groin like lesbians
Uhh pins and needles hypodermic needles and pins
I hope God forgives me for my sins -- it probably all depends
on if I keep on killin my girlfriends
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- listen!!
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me?
Is fuckin crazy
Last night I O.D.'d on rush mushrooms and dust
and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed
 I'm an alcoholic and that's all I can say
I call in to work cause all I do is frolic and play
I swallow grenades and take about a bottle a day
of Tylenol 3 and talk about how violent I'll be 
Give me eleven Excederin my head'll spin
Medicine'll get me revvin like a 747 jet engine
Scratched my balls til I shredded skin
"Doctor check this rash look how red it's been"
 Forget it then
I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
that don't even make sense like dykes usin dildos
So reach in your billfolds for ten ducats
and pick up this Slim Shady shit that's on Rawkus
Somethin somethin somethin somethin I get weeded
My daughter scribbled over that rhyme I couldn't read it
Damn!
Something's not right
I'm sorry lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West [*BANG BANG BANG*]
Ha ha ride..
All you see is the sun reflecting off of the gun
I'm ready for the showdown that go down at one
Sweat on my brow let's settle it now
I'm gonna show you how real cowboys get down
I'm polishing gold waiting for this drama to unfold
I got a {blunt} rolled
Feelin bold gangsters blood runs cold
It's time to reload this old .45 colt
The wind's gusty it's hot muggy and dusty
Bust a couple shots make sure I'm not rusty
It's passed noon he should be here soon
Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon
All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs
Sounds like a thousand wolves
I cock back put the toast in the holster and froze
I pose like a poster he's closer than close
I hold the heat sturdy I heard he fight's dirty
but I'm gonna put thirty inside him and leave early
And just when I went to fill him with hot lead
I put the gun to his head and this is what he said
You never met me and you'll probably never see me again
but I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge?
Then don't shoot I'm in the same boots as you
I'm telling the truth I got a price on my head too cause when you..
You ride like a cowboy toward the sun
And life ain't fun when you're on the run
Got your gold and you got your gun
But life as an outlaw just begun
Got your shotgun by your side
Got your horse and you got your pride
You ride til there ain't no place to hide
It's sad cause the bad guys always die
He was "Shady" I seen by the look on his face
He said take ten paces {shit} I took eight
Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain
My {shit} went bang but it only fired a blank he said
(You need bullets hurry up run!) 
I put a clip in the gun and pointed at his lungs
We both drew at the same time and stood stunned
(Go ahead shoot me but I'm not the one you want)
I figured he was telling the truth that's why I didn't shoot
So what we gonna do it's on you
The Chronic!
Who?
(Some old dude he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two)
Loaded up my saddle got ready for battle
Hid two pieces of gold inside of my satchel
We rolled two miles until we hit the spot
An old ghost town that everybody forgot
A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot
Slim grabbed the shotgun 
This is the spot they call him Doc Loveless
He's going around saying he took the game from us
(Let's shoot him in his kneecaps he'll never see it coming)
But he ain't got no legs they cut 'em off at the stomach
He's got mechanical legs he spins webs
Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads
Our mission - is to get him to stop laying eggs
And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps
I drew two guns spun them on my fingers
Kicked the swinging doors in started gun slinging
I could hear somebody singin - it sounded like a "G Thang"
and a verse from 
I said "It's Dre's Day" and started to spray
Against 1800 he pulls a AK
Hollow tips started flying every which way
That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge
I fired the first shot spun his body around
He hit the ground and landed upside down
Dre grabbed the map the plaques and the gold
I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled
Always die..
The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West [BANG BANG BANG]
Ha ha lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do go ahead get mad and do it
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do go ahead get mad and do it
{Just let it gooo!}
Hand me an .8 beam me up and land me in space 
I'ma sit on top of the world {I'm here} and shit on Brandy and Mase
I'm more than ill
I'm scarier than a white journalist in a room with Lauryn Hill {Ahh!}
Human horror film
but with a lot funnier plot and people that feel me
cause I'ma still be Madd Rapper whether I got money or not {yup}
As long as I'm on pills and I got plenty of pot
I'll be in a canoe paddlin makin fun of your yacht
But I would like an award 
for the best rapper to get one mic in The Source
and a wardrobe I can afford
Otherwise I might get sent up back-strike in a Ford
And you wonder what the fuck I need more Vicadin for
Everybody's pissin' me off; even the No Limit Tank 
looks like a middle finger sideways flippin me off
No shit I'm a great danger to my health 
Why else would I kill you then jump in the grave and bury myself?
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do go ahead get mad and do it
{Just let it gooo!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do go ahead get mad and do it
{Just do it!}
I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless patrollin corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beatin James Todd Sr.
across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments {Ow! Ow! Ow!}
I grew up in a wild hood as a hazardous youth
with a fucked up childhood that I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed I kept the same mindstate
since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence I just encourage it {c'mon}
I laugh at the sight of death
as I fall down a cement flight of steps {ahhhhhhhh!}
and land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind; you and a friend
can jump off of a bridge and if you live do it again
Shit why not blow your brain out I'm blowin mine out
Fuck it you only live once you might as well die now!
{Just let it gooo!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do go ahead get mad and do it
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do go ahead get mad and do it
{Just do it!}
My laser disc gon' make you take a razor to your wrist
Make you satanistic make you take the pistol to your face 
and place the clip and cock it back
and let it go until your brains are rippin out 
your skull so bad to sew you back would be a waste of stitches
I'm not a "Role Model" I don't wanna babysit kids
I got one little girl and Hailey Jade is Shady's business
And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off
Where the fuck were you when Gil was paid to make me dishwash?
I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got
You made me get a bigger attitude than eighty Kim Scott's
And she almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got
I knew that  would make you hate me this much
And "Just the Two of Us" that ain't got shit to do with us 
and our personal life it's just words on a mic
So you can call me a punk lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Joe Budden Crooked I Joell Ortiz Slaughterhouse and Yelawolf
White dog get em!
Put these muthafuckas in a box and I send ëem away
Put 'em in a gray 'Lac and pop the trunk
Hey throw 'em in the back jack I dig ëem a grave
Put a brick inside that Xerox when I print ëem a page
Moving keys I can't relate cause I live in a cage
I throw up the A I take ëem to school
I give em a grade an easy E for effort
That's WWA white with an attitude
Alphabet soup is on my plate
All I got is Zís they sleeping on me I canít get ëem awake
I spoon feed them the sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns
Who believe they making it rain cause all they see is the clouds
And I watch from the couch of the VIP
Like a potato with a bunch of meatheads like fuck it
I just feed em a cow
Plenty of white boys to pick from this year
But before you can pick a pepper you better pick up your heater
Cause even Peter Piper could pick up a mic
But what it's like to pick a fight with me
Itís like putting Nikes on a cheetah betta speed up
Or at least in my case Addidas
I'm out this bitch drinking Sprite by the 2 liter
Holler Shady records
Say Iím from the new school Iíma say check ya tone and watch ya mouth
If they teaching how to dougie Iím condoning dropping out
Forced to wile y'all birthed and gave me up
I just perfected being hip hops foster child now check it
I donít blame yíall for being trash fans and copping it
The radioís the crime scene the masses are the hostages
In my youth I'd throw shots the fan would dodging it
Iím grown I ain't watching the throne Iím sabotaging it
You see that four headed monster and the storm looms
Snipe ëem from a distance the scope got a long zoom
You Super Mario thugs is in the wrong room
Got a figure here you wonít get bigger if you on shrooms
Was left to me I'd revive what the game be íbout
Iída took the wine outta Amy house
Enough raps from you scrub cats about cocking a snub back
Wayne couldnít teach me how to love that
But I got this shit from uptown she my summer bunny
Both parents broke but she comes from money
Think my bread is her paper to burn
So I lock her out and now she doubt David is Stern
She so bad I make her hit the telly from a taxi
Then dead her in that Holiday Inn
Learnt that from Max B
That's why the haters of every kind wanna send me Llamas
I made it right before they eyes like I was Benihanas
Is it me? Or is what I'm hearing just pitiful?
Airwaves the same now the stereoís typical
My skin thick so the critics ignore
So unafraid to die you think I did it before
The boys Rodman with the trash talk
Magical walk with the black ball way I bounce off the asphalt with cat paws
Glass jaw hoody and mask would be the black folk with no passport
Body be found in the mansion in one of my trap doors
If pumps had awards ya status whore category
Probably be that of awards 'tween Michael Rappaport and Kenny Lattimore
I know hip hops alive and well
If it died you other crews wouldnít survive the smell
I spot a victim the plotíll thicken when the clock is tickin'
I caught em slippin' I gotta give em a shot I hit em with proper spittin'
Hottest writtens and compositions so competition's a contradiction
Somebody mentioned they got it crooked highly fiction
We probably different got Gotti henchmen
Opposition our body quick as Bugatti engines
Iím on a mission to get richer
The sickest lyric kicker diggin' a ditch for different spitters
Sweet lyricists get disfigured sip liquor
Spit like a sick mixture
Of Notorious Pun and L get the big picture
The poster Iíll roast ya
My mind so deadly itís just like the beanie is close to a holster
Itís over control my whole coastal region like Iím supposed to
Flow is going postal evening open season
Heart close to freezing ruthless is easy nigga
Approach Iím squeezing believe me
Dopest West Coaster  breathing
So most y'all hope Iím vegan no pun beefing
Rappers need to keep it trill
Give me a beat to kill too many people still eating sleeping pills
People sleeping on my ether skills
And y'all ain't even real
We about to die in this cypher
Before you die you should do the Jada and leave a Will
Foreal
Yaooowa
I ain't a rap dude Iím a dude who rap
Before this I was moving crack
Killers yíall become when yíall rhyme I salute and dap
And if I blink then remove ya snaps you ain't cool you wack
With ya foolish yacís? skinny jeans don't mean ya ass shoot
It means ya booty claps
Donít play like Tyler Perry this the Slaughterhouse of Pain
Flow brown tight and heavy
When it comes to sixteenís Iím a fiend feinding a studio
Near a needle with a mean lean probably writing bars to Nas 
Getting my Yaowa on may all the Olajuwonís be the dream team
This is an all day slaughter
They feindin for us to break like Beyonceís water
The four quarters doing all the eating
And you gotta know why I made the cut Iím Puerto Rican
Ortiz keep the fire ready
And tryna put me outís like tryna steal a transvestite from Eddie
Iím do or die dope
And you can make the sticker sittin' on the door
Of that phantom your suicide note
Hi Rihanna..
Is Nicki living with you? Let me know
So I can buy binoculars and telescopes
Hi Rihanna..
I donít need to know you better
You tell me you love my music again we go together
Bye Rihanna...
Now back to yíall fools
We rock out like the outside of a guitar school
Thousand dollar frames I prefer to see the world through
Donít ask me nothing bout Budden I beat my girl too
You ask me why do I keep her? I say itís cheaper to
Thatís why I ride around in a Rolls like Wiz Khalifa do
Rappers Iím your daddy I tell you straight as this
You donít kill but your father Will like Jaden Smith
I tell ya like I tell my Spanish chick
You fly but I ainít going down on no landing strip
So get your wax on like Daniel-son
Or Iíma have to run like De La Hoya in drag when cameras come
Point out the greatest rapper alive I headshot ëem
Smack his girl on the butt and buy her some red bottom
Bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife
While Iím cyber sexing with Jessica Alba via Skype
Iím on my d-boy d-bo thing
Spiritual steelo swing like Cee-Lo Green
Get out the camera with yo B Roll bling
You know your flow is whack
We cornered the market like a Wal-Mart in a cul-de-sac
Yeah this what 2 million singles sold and a album thatís gold
Look like without having to sell your soul
Nickle
Wait can I rap?
(You da Boss you better get 'em)
Ayo... lyrical miracle spiritual individual criminal subliminal
In your swimmin' pool
(Boo.. come on man get back on.. kick that shit)
You íbout to see peace destroyed
Itíll never be restored
When I unleash these beastly hoards on your CD stores
Wanna stop it you gon' need a priest and at least three swords
A license to ill from the Beastie Boys 3 Ouija boards
And a squeegee and please be warned donít ask for the squeegees for
Or the holy water acid rap thatíll eat these floors
Eat a hole in a rhyme book you see these horns?
And as for me you ask when Iím gone 
Is puke luke warm? Should Casey Anthony do porn?
Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a freakin' shoebox
With a shoehorn smothered in chloroform so she can go get her groove on?
Can she duct tape and Velcro a fetus? Joell yo
Tell Joe I need his empty box from his old shell toe adidas
So I can put these babies in the fetal position
Theyíre getting elbows to the penis
Yeah big deal. I took some little kids big wheel
And spit in his fricken big kids meal
Quit tryna bite me and pinch you wench sit still
You just put your six inch heel through my Benz windshield?
Is it dust we bout to kick up?
Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup?
Between a stick shift in his fricken pick up
And drink like a hick redneck hillbilly will till he gets hiccups?
Flippin' the script up like Mike Vick
Get bit in his junk by a pit yup Iím a sick pup
Iíd be a horrible magician
Cause Iíd fuck that trick up
Fix ya lips up to say something fly or zip up
A-B? Letís C. You said you were gonna do X-Y-Z
Till you fuck around and get dropped like an E
When you add an I-N-G
Donít put a K in front of that though when I MC
Cause Iím not the king of this microphone booth
Itís more like a phonebooth
Superman in this bitch kryptonite wonít do
It gives me more power I bump the fat boys and
Eat rat poison take meteor showers
Fresh outta the mental hospital and me not flossing a middle finger
While I hop in a mosh pit will be like Nas doing gospel or R&B you crazy?
Me pushing up daisies? That thought is impossible
As if flashing across the news Posdnuos was caught with a prostitute
With a huge Johnson boobs and a monstrous tube of lube
And a bra some boots some panties in an aqua blue Mazda
Swallowing a popsicle lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Sneakin in through the back door fruity MC's get ambushed 
Rammed and squooshed slammed and pushed crammed and mushed 
Then I'm movin on down from the right to left 
So bite the meth or prepare to fight to death 
To get jacked attacked and cracked in two 
Smackin through 'til youre black and blue for actin true 
I'm dreaded like a man whose hair is all strands 
Proof that I be sniffin on aerosol cans 
I'm stompin I'm kickin I'm chokin I'm stampin em 
clompin em stickin and pokin and clampin em 
To electric chairs and tightenin bolts 
Hit em with frightening jolts of lightning bolts 
I'm zappin rappers singers and dancers 
Faster than you could snap your fingers for ransom 
Cancer is in the flesh alive and breathin 
Survivin by connivin and theivin 
I had a dream I was gettin jacked by biters 
It felt like I was bein attacked by spiders 
Developin a fear of biterphobia 
I'm holdin a gas can and lighter over ya 
If I detect ya I'ma pulverize 
Dissect your brain diggin in your skull for lies 
And I'ma torture with material iller 
than a stark ravin mad serial killer 
I'm more dangerous than a loaded chamber is 
A major risk to a plagiarist 
So beware of the aura A terror for the horrible 
Will scare ya tomorrow is the airbourne assault of the rappers 
Hit the source to better my skills 
I head for the border 
And run the Galloping Hills the choice is yours 
Cause now buddy's noises force me to scream til my voice is hoarse 
Cause I'm sick of these jabber jaws and crap that grab at yours and savage yours to bite like labradors 
In the range of my double-barrel 
And your life is in danger trouble and peril 
I trample and stamp liars like they were campfires 
Cuz vampires right on my balls like clamp pliers 
And swing on my big thingamajig 
So I'm bringin my nig Proof for backup when I sing at my gig 
Cause biters are fallin head over heels 
In love with every rhyme that I've said over reels 
That's how I became paranoid 
Chewin my fingernails pullin my hair annoyed 
Cause every time you bit it was deliberate 
So I'm forced to hit a little quicker with 
an ultimatum I assault and slayed em 
with rhymes and it's ultimatum just to cultivate em 
Energetic and imaginative 
pronouns and verbs predicates and adjectives 
Will reach out and grab ya lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Boy meets girl
You were my dream my world
But I was blind
You cheated on me from behind.
'Cause boy meets girl
You were my dream my world
But I was blind
You cheated on me from behind.
Now I know we said things
Did things that we didn't mean
And we fall back into the same patterns
Same teams
But your tempers' shit just bad as mine
You're same as me
But when it comes to love you just as blinded.
Baby please come back
It wasn't you
Maybe it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much
To walk away doe.
Come inside
Pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk?
Told you 
Look me in the eyeball
Next time I'll miss to let my fist hit the dry wall
Next time-
There won't be no next time
I apologize even though I know it's lies
I'm tired of the games
I just want it back
I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
Ima fucking tie her to the bed...
Listen
I'm sitting lookin out the window like 
Tryna fix the situation that's at hand
You're still running through my mind when I'm knowing that you shouldn't be
Me you're gonna be mine when I'm knowing that you couldn't be.
Cuz you haven't called
I ain't even appalled 
I still got a lot of pain
I ain't dealt with it all
I've been runnin around with other chicks
I'm single and they lovin it
I'm likin it but I just want the one that I was in love with.
It's not the end of it
I'm tryna let you go
I can't
Get a grip of that I'm tryna let you know
You got hold some kind of control of me
I don't know what it is
But I gotta get you goin for me
I'm working at it
It ain't getting no better
I'm just tryna be like
"Yeah whatever forget it."
Instead of starin out this glass
Lookin at this bad weather
Damn I gotta pull myself together
Cuz.
It sounds like a conversation
It's a celebration
Lets toast to the fact I moved out my mamas basement
To a condo downtown
Cuz it's all about location
I sit and drink wine and watch Californication of life
You shoulda been here to kick it with me 
We coulda split this whole thing up 50/50
But now I'm at the 40/40 gettin bitches tipsy
Killin shit that ever so talented Mr. Riply
How did I go from bein a man that you argued with?
To meeting Dwayne Carter and putting alcohol an shit
Should wanna go back to the one I started with
But I'm addicted to this life
It's gonna be hard to quit.
Yeah just ask me how things are coming along
You can tell me that you've none of my songs
As long as you say one day you plan to listen lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. 50 Cent G-Unit)
Yeah Shady Hahahaha 
G G G G G G G G-Unit 
Here we go again 
Does it make you mad when I switch my flow? 
You can't understand how I get my dough 
50 Cent I'm on fire cause Shady said so 
I'm on fire 
Everybody's in a rush try to get the throne 
I just get on the track and try to set the tone 
I ain't tryna use nobody as a steppin stone 
But don't compare me 
I'm better off jus' left alone 
And I ain't even tryna go there wit record sales 
I'm just tryna keep it humble and respect myself 
Say what up keep steppin and just rep D-12 
Keep my nose clean stay away from weapons jail 
And livin wreckless 
But if you go check my belt 
You may see something else I used to protect myself 
A vest to stop a Rueger and deflect the shells 
And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel 
And I don't even carry guns no more I don't got to 
Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you 
And I done seen a lot of people cross the line 
But this motherfucker Ja musta lost his mind 
That X got him thinkin' he was DMX 
Then he switched to 'Pac now he's tryna be him next 
So which one are you? X Luther Pac or Michael 
Juss keep singin' the same song recycled 
We'd all much rather get along and fight you 
Me and Hailie danced to your songs we liked you 
And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth 
C'mon now you know the white boy'll bite you 
I hurt your pride dawg and you know I don't like to 
But I will if I have to with syllable after syllable I just slap you 
Killin' you fasta than you poppin' pill afta little pill of them tabs of that shit you on 
But if you want it you got it you'd bump this shit too if we ain't diss you on it 
But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta 
We bump heads wit any motherfucker that wants to 
So whats the deal where was all the tough talk? 
When I walked up to you like Ja what up dawg? 
How come you didn't say you had a problem then? 
When you was standin' there wit all your men we coulda solved this then 
I'ma grown man dawg come holla 
All you did was slap hands smile and swallow 
another one of them little X pills in front of me 
And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be come on 
I know you don't want it with me 
You know you don't want it with me 
You talk an' you soon will see 
You don't wanna bump heads with me 
I know you don't want it with me 
You talk an' you soon you will see 
You know you don't want it with me 
You couldn't son me if my father helped you 
My punchlines is hot my bars'll melt you 
Ja you Stuart Little shells'll lift you 
Every other week I'm buyin a new pistol 
I clap at your ass with this chrome 38 
And put six thru your hats of seven 3/8 
Irv you ain't Suge Knight you should shook night 
I put my knife in ya wind pipe and freeze ya on the turnpike 
You know and I know who took ya chain 
You got robbed two times so ya ass is lame
I'm down to die for this shit all I need is bail 
You betta stick to tha movies with Steven Seigel bitch 
I know you don't want it with me 
You know you don't want it with me 
You talk an' you soon will see 
You don't wanna bump heads with me 
I know you don't want it with me 
You talk an' you soon you will see 
You know you don't want it with me
Fuck that I'm miles away 
And these industry niggas startin' to get outta hand 
I'ma find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out ya man 
Tellin' New York even in Compton they understand 
I'm on the block where you was raised doin' chocolate out tha game an'... 
They see me more pop a boy for icey cuz I could 
Shootin' guns for money you probably forgot your way around the hood 
Bitch when you paranoid it's hard to make a song 
Now you want it wit' us half your artists got to make a point 
Every magazine I own your on your knees takin' prayer picture 
And you ain't even got shot yet you scared bitches 
You don't know nuttin' about what pain is sucka 
I'll put your ass to the ground like a train conductor muh'fucker 
I know you don't want it with me 
You know you don't want it with me 
You talk an' you soon will see 
You don't wanna bump heads with me 
I know you don't want it with me 
You lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Marshall sounds like an SOS...
Holy wack unlyrical lyrics Andre you're fuckin' right...
To the rapmobile let's go...
{Marshall Marshall} bitches and gentlemen it's showtime hurry hurry step right up
introducing the star of our show his name is {Marshall} you wouldn't want to be anywhere else
in the world right now so without further ado I bring to you {Marshall}...
You 'bout to witness hip-hop in it's most purest more rawest form flow almost flawless most
hardest most honest known artist chip off the old block but ol' Doc is {back} looks like
Batman brought his own Robin oh God Sadam's got his own Laden with his own private plane his
own pilot set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges oranges peach pears plums
syringes {vnn vnn} yeah here I come I'm inches away from you dear fear none hip-hop is in
a state of 911 so...
Let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around what is this must be a circus in town
let's shut the shit down on these clowns can I get a witness {hell yeah}
Let's get down to business I don't got no time to play around what is this must be a circus in town
let's shut the shit down on these clowns can I get a witness {hell yeah}...
So skip to your lou while I do what I do best you ain't even impressed no more you're used to
it flows too wet nobody close to it nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit the
most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all
so much they make it all up there's no such thing like a female with good looks who cooks
and cleans it just means so much more to so much more people when you're rappin' and you know
what for the show must go on so I'd like to welcome y'all to Marshall and Andre's carnival
c'mon now...
You can
even call collect the most feared duet since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette and
never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat people steppin' over people just to rush to
the set just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely ease over these beat's and be so
breezy Jesus how can shit be so easy how can one Chandra be so Levy turn on these beats
MC's don't see me believe me BET and MTV are gonna grieve when we leave dog fo' sheezy
can't leave rap alone the game needs me 'till we grow beards get weird and disappear into
the mountains nothin' but clowns down here but we ain't fuckin around round here yo' Dre
what up can I get a hell hell yeah now...
So there you have it folks {Marshall} has come to save the day back with his friend Andre
and to remind you that bullshit does not pay because {Marshall} and Andre are here to stay
and never go away until our dying day until we're old and grey {Marshall} so until next time
friends same blonde hair same rap channel good night everyone thank you for coming your
host for the evening {Marshall} oh lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Jumped out of the 2nd floor of a record store
With a Treacherous Four cassette and a cassette recorder
In Ecuador with Edward Norton
Witness the metamorphosis
Of a legend growin' like an expert swordsman
From the Hessian war and
Hence the origin of the Headless Horseman
Born with the endorphins of a pathetic orphan
Endless source and reservoir
Of extension cords in dresser drawers
And deadbolts on the bedroom doors
And sexual torture kits kept in a separate storage bin
Excellent boyfriend
Use intercourse to settle scores
With women who have been vendettas towards men
Dickhead is forced in 'til there's shredded foreskin
Reddish torn and they're only bein' fed a portion
Bed sores and sore shins
Pregnant whores can get abortions
Fetish for stickin' metal forks in self-absorption
Skeletor I went to Hell and fell a floor
A predator I'm headed for competitors
Better warn 'em what I lack in tact and a set of morals
I make up for in metaphors like a cosmetic store
Stegosaurus Chuck Norris with a thesaurus
Yes of course a mess of warrants
You want some? Come and get some boys!
I'm givin' Daniel Pantaleo a refresher course
On excessive force and pressure points
And dressin' George Zimmerman in a fluorescent orange
Dress and four inch heels to address the court
With a bullseye on his back his whole chest and torso
Or left on the doorsteps of Trayvon's dad as a present for him
In my present form I'm Desert Storm
Appetite for destruction there's no suppressant for
Aggressive forceful and less remorseful in every morsel
Unpleasant horrible; hello gorgeous!
The rebel with devil horns just fell off the yellow short bus
Met a contortionist said 
She said 
Expired tags on the Saturn got Catherine Bach
In the back in Daisy Dukes with the hazards on
At a traffic stop gettin' harassed sign an autograph
For this asshole cop's daughter
Laugh 'cause I called her a brat on it
He spat on it and brought it back lookin' half in shock
Had a heart attack and dropped dead
Started fallin' back with it
And got slapped with a Colin Kaepernick practice sock
One ball and half a dick Apple Watch
Crack front axle walked in a Bass Pro Shop with David Hasselhoff pulled Tabasco sauce out of my satchel
Knocked over a fisherman's tackle box and *crash sound*
Asked if they had a laughin' stock
That was fuckin' stupidÖ
You got it twisted all 'cause I offered this bitch
A doggie biscuit you call me misogynistic
Bitch get to massagin' this dick!
Like spas in this bitch slob on it with gobs of lipstick
Got a shoppin' list for you to run some odds and ends with
It's not a bitch on this earth I can be monogamous with
She's non-existent
Robin Thicke with a throbbin' dick on some suave and slick shit
But I shout derogatives at bitches like fuckin' missile launches
Misfit blond and nitwit
Like I've gone ballistic with a frostin' tip kit
Screamed "I hate blondes" and became one I'm optimistic
Love to start shit
Shovin' Clark Kent's undergarments in the glove compartment
Of the bucket bumpin' Bubba Sparxxx
I'm double parkin' up at Targets trouble 'causer a double crosser
Shadiest mothafucka you'll ever come across
Olympic gymnast been known for some assaults
A couple lawsuits enough to cause a stomach ulcer
Same damn brain scan results as Rainman's is
Something's off but when Dustin Hoffman's
Dressin' up in your mummy costume
On stage dancin' to "Brain Damage" what's the problem?
Nothing's wrong the name brand is back to reclaim status
Run the faucet I'ma dunk
A bunch of Trump supporters underwater
Snuck up on 'em in Ray Bans in a gray van with a spray tan
It's a wrap like an Ace bandage
Don't-give-a-fuck persona to my last DNA strand
E&J in the waistband at the VMAs with the stagehand
She wants kielbasa pre-arrange an escape plan
Three-inch blade on point like a See-and-Say
Consider me a dangerous man
But you should be afraid of this dang candidate
You say Trump don't kiss ass like a puppet
'Cause he runs his campaign with his own cash for the fundin'
And that's what you wanted
A fuckin' loose cannon who's blunt with his hand on the button
Who doesn't have to answer to no oneógreat idea!
If I was president
Gettin' off is the first order of business
Once I get in office
Second thing that'll make me happy's walkin' up to Uncle Sam
Naked laughin' dick cupped in hand
Screamin' 
Throw a latex and an AIDS test at him
Tell Congress I run this land
And I want the rubber banned and make it snappy
Addiction to friction and static
Addict who can't escape the habit
Continue to chase the dragon
But as fate would have it I walked up in major Magics
Dressed as the maintenance man
In a laser tag vest and a racin' jacket
With a gauge to blast it
And sped away in the station wagon
Stacey Dash's and Casey Anthony's
Crazy asses in the backseat
Throwin' Stayfree pads at me
Dead passenger in the passenger seat
Unfasten the safety latches
And slam on the brakes in traffic so hard
I snapped the relocation brackets for the monster tires
'Finna get a murder case and catch it
Like you threw it at me encased in plastic
And send Dylan Roof through the windshield of the Benz
Until he spins like a pinwheel and begins feelin'...
Like a windmiller with a thin build while his skin's peelin'
And skids 'til he hits a cement pillar
Swing for the fence like Prince Fielder
Knock it into the upper peninsula
You wanna go against 'zilla? The Rap God
When will I quit? Never been realer
The in-stiller of fear not even a scintilla of doubt
Whose pens iller than Prince in a chinchilla
Or Ben Stiller in a suspense thriller
Revenge killer avenge syllable binge
Fill a syringe 'til I
Draw first blood
Even pop shit on my pop shit and it's popular
Couldn't be more awkwarder
Cause you're innocence I robbed you of
It's my fingers that got stuck up
Taught ya ta not give a
Slapstick hockey puck
The broad hunter with the sawed off
Like an arm when it's lopped off of ya
But I'm not gonna get the shotgun
Or the Glock I'm gonna opt for the ox
Cause I'm into objects that are sharp when I shop
And it's not a shock I'm such an obnoxious fucker
The Rock Hudson of rock 'cause who would have thought
This much of a cocksucker to go across the buttocks of Vivica Fox with a box cutter
That was for 50 little slap on the wrist be warned
I'm unrevealin' quickly
My squabbles I'm grappling with your time traveling with me
Try and follow as I wobble relapse into history with a flask of the whiskey
Tip it back then I'm twisting wine bottles
Like what happened to Chris Reeves' spine column
That's the plan of attack when I'm fixing my problems
Wish my chest wasn't having to get these rhymes off 'em
But the fact that I have so many rappers against me mind boggles
And why I haven't come back on these faggots who diss me is
More of a spectacular mystery than a fucking Agatha Christie crime novel
But my patience is wearing thin
Swear I been contemplatin' rubbing shit in your face 'til I smear it in
Diss you in every lyric until you fear the pen
And never appear again
If you actually had fuckin' careers to end
But then I think of Molly Qerim and I steer 'em in that direction and forget my ideas for them
Molly I'm gone off you
Man light some kush
You're my first take I'll nail you
Can't lie I gush
If I won you over you would be the grand prize
I'm entranced by your looks come and give the Shady franchise a push
You can get it in the can like some Anheuser Busch
Jeans too small least three pant sizes tush
Mushed against your damn side your puss
And thighs are squished
What kind of attires that?
I'm ready to be rode
Psychopath bet you we'll get it poppin' like a flat
Light the match to ignite the wrath
Got knives to slash and slice hermaphrodites in half
Piper Chapmans might just have to picket me
Like a scab
Hard to describe in fact
Startling violent perhaps
Are things that come to mind as soon as I start spitting rhymes like that
And you aren't really surprised at that
But as far as these lines I rap
And these bars lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I have no idea what I'm doing
I have no idea what I'm doing but
Everybody get up sit up Christopher
They're miserable without you Superman is a-
-live and he's flowing like the Mystic River
Girl don't act like you never been kissed before
One two three four five six this a
Rhyme is about to hit you right in the kisser
How did anybody ever find me I disap-
-peared I was hiding in Freeway's beard just a
Hop skip and a jump from my skin gushing
Nails into my face that I been pushing
Hell-raiser my face is my pincushion
It's like when I'm on the mic I can squish a
Sucker like a vice-grip my pen put ya
In the slaughterhouse cause ya styles been butchered
I'll spin chainsaw take off like the blades on
My brain's on hyperdrive someone put the brakes on
Here's a smidget admitted to get your digits Bridget
Don't try to fidget with it err ribbit ribbit
I got ya slippin on my swag juice my swag juice
I got ya slippin on my swag juice my swag juice
I got it figure out now nigga
See my minds on my money right here
And no one stopping how I getting it
And Hind Sight should never left when I was Living
And probably wouldn't be getting pressed by all these women
And then again I wouldn't rap the ones I was diggin'
So annihilate the looking and talking alot about the hood; Kim'n Kim'n
Uh so Selena Williams just like my dad talks about more John Dick'n
This girl talkin' how she pregrent she crazy so later I crushed that hoe and left baby
And never trust her no shit! Even she specialize in massaging on my testicles 
And I never trust her a whole lot even on the first date she basically get her mouth rimmed
And turn around and ask me for a kiss no bitch I'm straight 
And I never really get concerned how my own dick tastes
I think I'm about to slip on my swag juice
I think I'm about to slip on your swag juice
Oh no! No! Don't slip on your swag juice
Ye ye! I think I'm about to slip on my swag juice.
Slim is in the house simmer down there sister
Bound to get you dizzy cause he gets as busy as a
Bee baby you can throw a frizbee in a blizzard
He'll catch it in his teeth what is he? He's a wizard
Standing in the disco with a disco biscuit
And I'm pretty sure it isn't Bisquick is it?
Now baby don't forget to bring your lipstick with ya
I want a kiss 'fore I blow this bitch to smithe-
-reens get the guillotines this is a situ-
-ation that's critical as Dre spins his uh
Turntables and he cuts a record like a scissor
Cheka chicka checka chicka cheka-cheka chicka
Who wreck it in a second tell me what the heck is sicker
Wait a minute lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah
Oh
This game's like cocaine
I want this more than anything in the world
Ha so do I. At least I thought I did.
Got to have it
Yeah I made it
Iím addicted
Yeah Iím feigning
This is a beat with no words at first
It's a blank painting
Exercising the mind is brain strength training
Starts off with something like Shady's an insane maniac
Yeah Slim Shady that's a zany name ain't it?
Now all you need's an image to go with the name baby
Wife beaters and white t-shirts Hanes mainly
It's a long shot but is it possible there's a lane maybe?
If not he's gonna have to come and change the whole game ain't he?
He wants the fame so bad he can taste it
He could see his name up in lights
Women screaming his fuckiní name fainting
Shady did it he sold out the whole dang stadium
Joe Schmoe made it he took his Plain Jane lady and his baby Hailie out the trailer
But he ainít trailing anymore heís ahead of the race
While maintaining his innocence
Little does he know his train is derailing
And heís about to be raped by this game anally
What would you do for a little bit?
What would you give for a little hit?
For that C.O.C.A.I.N.E.
'Cause once you get in you don't wanna leave
Got to have it
Yeah I made it
I'm addicted
Yeah I'm feigning
Youíre operating on all cylinders
Syllables spit like Dillingerís spilling ya guts
People are feeling ya mic skills but these haters are ice grilliní ya
Willing to sacrifice anything for the life that they might steal from ya
Fake friendsíll kill for ya die for ya
But you canít decipher ìwhy?î for the life of ya
It wasnít like this when you were Cypheriní
Argue wití your wife again
She found vicodin in your pants last night again
Your disputeís public nothing is private anymore
Oh and your best friend? Say bye-bye to him
What kinda apple you take a biteía Slim?
(This is what you wanted Marshall ainít it?)
Fuck no!
The way that it turned out was nothiní like the picture that I painted in my head
Sometimes a dream to make it itís more fun than it is to actually make it
The game stripped me naked
It robbed me ever having another real relation-
-ship with another girl
This world is a fuckiní trip
ëCause I slip in another world proceed take another hit
Sniff ítil I fuckiní hurl tell ëem all to fuckiní sit
And spin ítil they fuckiní twirl middle finger up again
Relapsing back in this game
Oh well fuck it then
What would you do for a little bit?
What would you give for a little hit?
For that C.O.C.A.I.N.E.
ëCause once you get in you don't wanna leave
Got to have it
Yeah I made it
Iím addicted
Yeah Iím feigning
Start off right
Just to see your name in lights
Just so you can live the life
You take a bite
And lose your sight
They call this 
You think you good 
Just cause you got out the hood
Concerned only with getting dough
No longer poor but lost your soul They call this.. 
I hear it callin'
My name is callin'
Why you strugglin'
When you could be ballin'
My head is sayin' yeah
But my feet is stallin'
So many walk in
But any fallin'
But I got to have it
Like Eve and the apple
She had to grab it
I got to take it
I got to make it
That's the plan
And I can't forsake it.
What would you do for a little bit?
What would you give for a little hit?
For that C.O.C.A.I.N.E.
ëCause once you get in you don't wanna leave
Got to have it
Yeah I made it
Iím addicted
Yeah Iím feigning
('Cause once you get in lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
In my mind I'ma fighter my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid my flow sparks it right up
Arsenic writer author with arthritis
Carpel tunnel Marshall will start shit-itis
Hard headed and hot headed bull headed and pig headed
Dick headed a prick a big headache I'm sick
Quick witted for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics.
Who wait for me to slip with it so quick
This dynamite stick buried the wick it's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly
Do not tell me to stop yelling when I stop selling I quit
So stop dwelling an I am not felling
You fuckers are not ready cause I got jelly like Beyonce's pot belly
This is Destiny yes money I'm of running
So get off of me I'm not slowing or softening
They sendin armies out to bomb me Constantly armed
The only DJ that can calm me is Constantly armed
my firepower keep me warm I'm Constantly armed
and fuck the world til I'm gone Constantly armed
They sendin armies out to bomb me Constantly armed
The only DJ that can calm me is Constantly armed
my firepower keep me warm I'm Constantly armed
and fuck the world til I'm gone Bitches be warned
I will not fall
I will stand tall
Feels like no one can beat me. 
Follow me tell me if you feel me 
I think niggaz is tryin to kill me 
Picturin pistols spittin hollow points til they drill me 
Keepin it real and even if I do conceal 
my criminal thoughts preoccupied with keepin steel 
See niggaz is false sittin in court turned snitches 
that used to be real but now they petrified bitches 
I'm tryin to be strong my firepower keep me warm
I'm trapped in the storm and fuck the world til I'm gone Bitches be warned.
word is bonb you'll get torn
I'm bustin on Guiliani he rubbin my niggaz wrong 
And then it's on before I leave picture me 
I'm spittin at punk bitches and hustlin to be free 
Watch me set it niggaz don't want it you can get it 
Bet it make these jealous niggaz mad I said it 
This Thug Life nigga we don't cater to you hoes 
Fuck with me have a hundred motherfuckers at yo' do' lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I stand in slapped by the wind as I begin
Do you know who I am? And many reply with a grin
Yes I'm tired of being obtruded
Why should I be secluded? I've got a brand new horn to be tooted
To sum it up in a nutshell 
So I find myself in a certain obligatory
A place that I dwell in fell into some wonderful productions
To make up for lost time and then it brings obstruction
Finally let loose unloading the stockpile
A mental projectile I aim at the reptile
I look to the one handed juggler and ask him this
Is there a reason for this? The hindrance is aggravating
How many times will it take you before you realize you're fading?
Fading from existence cause simulations are dead
There's so much more to learn and pages left to be read
So put up the front while you jam for the grammar that's poor
While I hold the scrapbook that's heavier than the hammer of the mighty Thor
Words can weigh a ton
Therefore it's never to fall into the hands of the wrong one
Very few have made an attempt to put in a foot on the other side
But I see no borderline from under this colorblind
And some will probably never hold pieces of the sacred
But then I'm finally about to put an end to the hatred
Wrong the world would never endure to arguing
Awaking to the absence of unity is startling
"Oh foolish pride what the hell are you trying to do?
You cannot beat someone that's better than you so quit trying to"
Your echoing words that mean nothing are despicable
So how do you think you can manage to kick the unkickable
You're graceless bland you're tasteless and you're faceless faceless
Damn you're dull it's time you faced this here taste this
Straight from off of the pile one of the numerous styles
The date of my birth on the Earth the deliverance of a starchild
Blessed with formidable talent and versatility
But with such a power there comes a responsibility
To infringe on the boundaries so now the defiance is clear
To form an alliance is something even the giants fear
So instead of being oblivious to the color of skin
Refusal of usin' is accepted now it's a trend
You know I don't understand why we all just can't get along
You hate me but you know me and what I stand for
No. so then why do you speak for me
And every other white man when you that we're your enemy?
On the floor lies a broken door cause I'm not to be spoken for
Stereotypes and superstitions and fictional folklore
Rarely do you see the lighter side of me
I try to be persuasive but also invasive and try to end the rivalry
But  is isolated apologies are exhausted
Feelings are turning glacial never to be defrosted
Who can I trust after repeatedly being shafted
Switch to the opposite now scenes are being re-enacted
Pull up that boy by his roots destroy him quick
His fracture's obviating we hate him his patterns past us huh
Always fighting for the position of top dog
That spot's already occupied and I don't play leapfrog
Cause I do not wish to fight over territory that's already mine
But I'm always having to prove myself time after time
Oh how I never understand how a man could be outcast
Judged from the past and he's put last
And others with nothing to say
Stutterin' and slurrin' and mutterin' words with no meaning attack be signin' like Danny Kaye
Here I go again hammerin stammerin grammerin
And eat it like cheese lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yo alright yo
I'm possessed by evil demons that torture me while I'm sleeping
I keep dreaming of death and I'm hearing people screaming
The devil's spirit's trapped inside me and I want it out
I'm on the couch bleeding to death in a haunted house
With both of my wrists slit I'm lifted up in the air
And suspended in animation like someone's holding me there
I feel somebody's cold hands wrapping around my neck
While I choke on my own blood that I swallow and drown to death
But I found a breath and somehow managed to slip the clutches
Nearly blacking out from dizziness and head rushes
Tripping over OD'd bodies of dead lushes
Bloodstains paint the plush carpet like red blushes
Door's open and close by themselves books fly off shelves
Curtains catch fire the house melts
My skin blisters and sticks together like twin sisters
The wind blows and shatters windows like ten twisters
Caught a piece of shrapnel in the Adam's apple
Two cups of holy water and I'm looking at 'em half full
But as soon as I go to touch 'em they turn into red rum
It got silent then all these voices said
I heard 'em yell 
I ring the bell for service and I was greeted by his mother
Covered in dry blood head still dented from the shovel
I said I need a room so I could try to get some rest
She gave me the keys to the best suite and a bag of cess
And told me that's just for starters lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Fuck an intro man let's go.
I come around like what goes around
what goes up must come down
anyone who comes up must go down
might as well go for the gusto now
better not let up better not let them breathe
last shot give it all you got
try to turn me down bitch get fucked with a volume knob fuck all you snobs
hoes I hope all you rot
2 bottles of lubriderm and a box of condoms is that all you brought?
and you wanna menage a trois you twats
fuck that I'd rather turn this club to a bar room brawl
get as rowdy as Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall
like a leech stuck in a vacuum yall ain't nothing but a whole lot of suckin' goin' on in rap
yeah but I'm home
Bad to the bone
Back in the zone
Let him alone
You don't wanna go eggin' him on
It'll never be my chair that you're on
crown so tight that it cuts off circulation to the brain no oxygen
other words there's no heir to the throne
when I die so does hip hop
Hitchcock better shit bitch ass got a zip locked in a bag
you fags ain't been able to fade me since Kid Rock had a high top
keep blogging while I'm mind boggling my zone like I'm in the twilight
talking of my bone this is my mic dog I like hogging it
flow so wet I'mma take this beat tobogganing
I'm water logging it I'm sogging it
pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it
suplex it on cement like I'm on some straight outta Compton shit
take this dick and chomp on it
I'm so bad I can bitch slap a back handed compliment
jackass eat a donkey dick
the game I just about conquered it like Donkey Kong
I'm bonkers bitch I'm the king of this honkey shit!
I reign supreme in this honkey shit!
no sense screaming and arguing
makes no difference whether a Benz or Bentley or a Beamer's the car you in!
you think you ball well I palm it
I throw up bombs when I vomit
boy I throw down in the kitchen might hit your mom with my omelette
but you got egg on your face now watch me drop an atomic
I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze
bitch I'm as bat shit as Ozzy it's obvious
you can tell I go right off the bat
no pun intended but come any closer I'll bite off your head
tryna give me the fingers kinda like giving a spider the web
I'm just gonna spin it and try to use it to my advantage
I catch a fly in that bitch you think you fly you just food
I give as much of a flying fuck as that superman dude
guess I just do what you can't do or make you look stupid and baboozled
confused as usual and you can get ripped she can open a can too
but you better hope you can handle the heat
or stay the fuck outta hell's kitchen
I came to cock block like a square fucking male chicken
yeah it's shady slut the rest can suck on a big one
cos I'm as despicable as Daffy Duck when I'm spitting lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Sometimes its hard to wake up in the morning
Mind full of demons I don't wanna hear them anymore
Got me heartbrokenfine so many babies screaming
Cause they seeing destruction before they a see human being
So they start smoking weed we'll never get our day
Until we learn to pray keep our families in shape
Cause they all broke. and why do ghetto birds die
Before we learn to fly some bodies else's child caught in guns
Smoking weed can all make a change
So I'm told but I haven't seen the change unfold
I keep hoping please if you prefer to breathe
Communities in need of people that will lead
Keep your eyes open I can only say I'll try
Until the day I die
Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
I could be wrong but I never got along with cops
Putting money on my head
Go on and get your refund motherfucker I ain't dead I'm the diamond in the dirt
That ain't been found I'm the underground king and
I ain't been crowned When I rhyme something special happen every time
I'm the greatest something like
Ali in his prime
I walk the block with the bundles I've been knocked on the humble
Swing the ox when I rumble Show your ass what my gun do
Got a temper nigga go ahead lose your head
Turn your back on me get clapped and lose your legs
I walk around gun on my waist chip on my shoulder
Till I bust a clip in your face pussy this beef ain't over
If it wasn't for rain Joy wouldn't feel so good if it wasn't for pain
Niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts but my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
I could be wrong but I never got along with cops
Let's pretend Marshall Mathers never picked up a pen
Let's pretend things would have been no different
Pretend he procrastinated had no motivation
Pretend he just made excuses that were so paper thin they could blow away with the wind
Marshall you're never gonna make it makes no sense to play the game there ain't no way that you'll win
Pretend he just stayed outside all day and played with his friends
Pretend he even had a friend to say was his friend
And it wasn't time to move and schools weren't changing again
He wasn't socially awkward and just strange as a kid
He had a father and his mother wasn't crazy as shit
And he never dreamed he could rip stadiums and just lazy as shit
Fuck a talent show in a gymnasium bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
They ask me am I okay
They ask me if I'm happy
Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me
Or am I just a little snappy
And they genuinely care
Doody most of my life its just been me and you there
and I continuosly stare at pictures of you
I never gotta say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
Yeah I say it now and you can't hear me
What the fuck good does that do me now
But somehow I know you're near me in presence
Oh I went and dropped some presents off easter to them
Two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
And dawg you'll never believe this but Sharonda actually talks to me now
Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces
Man how could you touch so many fucking lives and just leave us
They say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
If it's true how the fuck am I supposed to get over you
Difficult as it sounds...
Doody that's what we called each other
I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us
We was always brothers
Never thought about each other's skin colours
'Til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
It was like 90 degrees I was catching a sun burn
Tryna walk under the trees
Just to give me some comfort
I'm moaning I just wanna get home
When I look over and your shirt is off
I'm like you gonna fry and you're like
"No I wont I'm black stupid
And black people they got melanin
in their skin we don't burn"
Meanwhile my face is glowing and I feel
Like I'm on fire
And the entire time you're just laughing at me
And snapping at me with your shirt bastard
And I still have to get you back for that shit
And by the way them Playboy rings
My Mother stole from you
Well Nate finally got 'em back
Shit it must have been at least 16 years ago
Well I put 'em in your cask-oww
Moving past it it still ain't registered yet
But you can bet your legacy they'll never forget
The Motor City Motown
hip hop vet hip hop Shop dreads
it don't stop there
Yeah as difficult as it sounds...
And this may sound a little strange but I'mma tell it
I found that jacket that you left at my wedding
And I picked it up to smell it
I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass
And hang it up in the hallway so I can always look at it
And as for all of me and D12 we feel like fuck rap
It feels like our General just fucking died in our lap
We shut off all our pagers
All our cell numbers has changed
Our two-ways are in the trash
So some cats will have to find a new way
And I know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today
But the truth is there all still here and you ain't
Purple Gang you gotta keep pressing on
Don't ever give up the dream dawg
I got love for you all
And Doody it's true you bought people together who never
Woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you
You were the peacemaker Doody
I know sometimes you were moody
But you hated confrontation
And truly hated the feuding
But you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping
If it had to happen it had to happen
Believe me I know you're the one who taught me to
Throw them balls back on Dresden
From making cars to paintballing
Getting arrested
To sitting across from each other in cells laughing and jesting
They tried to hit us for 5 years for that no question
I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up
Didn't show up for court
So we got off on a technicality left sweating
Me you and what's his face
I forgot his fucking name
Shame he even came to your funeral
He betrayed our team
And if I see him again I'ma punch him in the fucking face
And that's on Hallie Jade lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(2010-version not BAD MEETS EVIL's one!)
Oh all around the World
There's an echo
As he takes a bow
And they all know all the girls the boys
They chase the noise
Through the highs and through the lows
They will follow the echo echo echo echo
They will follow the echo echo echo echo
I can hear them calling calling calling calling calling
I eat rappers with the rhyme consume 'em
The only fucking thing that you consume is time
I'm super human my world is like a Rubik's cube
It's too complex girl you assuming cupids looming
My mentality's caveman stupid woman
My life is Truman show all I have is music hoe
I stopped chasing every chick under the sun many moons ago
So pretend my dick is a balloon and blow
Cause you better put a fork in it if you think I'm a lay here just spooning yo
Oh you think you the shit 'cause I just said you was beautiful
Diabolical till the last molecule down to my last hair follicle and cuticle
Rotten to the core to the bunghole all the way down to my soul from my head to my toe...
Ever since I was thirteen I learned how to sew so shut my own booty hole
Cause I ain't took no shit since I looked down to my nuts and saw my first pubic grow
I told these stupid hoes when I come back I'm a set this bitch on fire
And this time I don't mean I'm a pour gasoline on some chick and light her
Cause this time when I fuck this world I'm put my whole God-damn dick inside her
I ain't even put my tip in that hoe yet
I'm go get Nickel and try to rip it wider
Oh all around the World
There's an echo
As he takes a bow
And they all know all the girls the boys
They chase the noise
Through the highs and through the lows
They will follow the echo echo echo echo
They will follow the echo echo echo echo
Classical poems
Battle my own demons
I need a glass of Patron
Bad as I need a horn
Stabbing my clavicle bone
I'm matador prone
First time I seen a desert eagle
I was letting the 44 buss
The 44 pop
First time you seen one you was eating coco puffs
Looking at Robocop
I'm not a man I'm a logo I'm sustain
In order to clean my veins you need saline
I'm never referring to the solution
I'm talking about more like the mustang vroom
Get respect from the get-go hello
Set to the echo psycho
Pen got a mind of it's own gotta write my rhymes with a timer otherwise
I'll probably vibe out to a nine minute song
As the echo follows the Maserati
As the petrol swallows
I'm a thousand bodies away from a skeleton
Check your bible inside it it will say this guys an elephant
I'm fly like I'm killing the scene like I'm a villain with wings
I'll sleep when I'm 6 feet deep
Right now I'm living a dream
Though we may be reckless
The ladies check us
They whisper 
Baby echo
Oh all around the World
There's an echo
As he takes a bow
And they all know all the girls the boys
They chase the noise
Through the highs and through the lows
They will follow the echo echo echo echo
They will follow the echo echo echo lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Cause baby I'm lonely
Can somebody hold me
It feel like I'm fallin now I can't hold my ground
It feels like I'm only
Trying but slowly
It feels like I'm fallin now I can't hold my ground
No more
Probably one of my realest loves ever four page letters
In time itís all better ëcause time heal whatever
I'mma need a moment cause moments last forever
Cars with cream leather females are on regular
Whatís the point in titles we liking it how they tell us
Iíd rather stay friends with benefits 'til we ready
Now ready Sean Don got me feeling heavy
She like one more chance more problems no Biggie ah
Itís all good donít take it the wrong way
Ainít nothing personal but who this nigga in your face?
We can leave together or you can take your space
The night young we should head over to my place
Ha lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells pack up and leave tonight
Farewell miss I know that you can care less
But I'm sorry for everything I was careless
But I need you to know that I love you so much
And I've been drinking myself to sleep my soul's crushed
A couple more shots I know I'm gonna go nuts
I can't deal with the fact you left me with no crutch
I was in love with you how could you do this to me
Actually I did this to myself what a tragedy!
And now what do I do?
Where do I go?
Cause everywhere I go I see your face
It's hard starting over
Trying to find another shoulder
To lean on
I feel like my whole life just got peed on
They say time heals but dammit I wanna stop time and feel this pain
As crazy as it sounds to me it's sane
And I like it why? 'cause I feel like we're still united
In some weird way I don't wanna fight it
I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells pack up and leave tonight
I wrote you the other day and you didn't write back!
It's like that!? after all the crap we been through!?
I can't believe you! I know I fucked up!
But look within you and find some love and stop being stuck up!
You keep sending me to voicemail!
I'm annoyed hell! shit you coulda at least sent a text
But you're probably busy kissing someone else's lips
While I'm sitting here cleaning my shoes from this shit!
You're hard headed a sharp headache
I need help call a medic
I just cut myself yeah I did it
Without you I'm nothing don't you get it!?
Every time that I said I loved you I meant it!
You turn and tell me you hate me and regret that
We ever met I can't believe you just said that
You're so cold you just hit me so low
I can't take this no more so hit the road
I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells pack up and leave tonight
Some things just don't seem the way they do
One day you tell me I love you and only you
I wake up to find out it was a dream
You're telling me you hate me you're leaving me
People change everything changes
We go from best friends then become strangers
We go from seeing each other everyday then
Farewell to never seeing your face again
I can't get you outta of my head
So I'm out of bed at 4 in the morning
Wishing I was dead
But for some odd reason I can't do it
For some reason I needed to write
What's on my mind and what's going through it
Cause if I don't I'll probably suffocate
Why do you have so much hate
Towards me you need some loving babe
God I fucking love you I hate myself
For falling in love with you
Just to find out all I did was trouble you
My heart is aching I'm medicated
I tried meditating
But nothing works I don't even feel sedated
I wish you could feel what I feel for one second
I reckon you would jump out your window bare naked
Fuck humiliation you do anything to get me back
Opinions wouldn't matter what they thought in fact
You would tell everyone to fuck themselves good
And do everything to have me if you could
I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Uh first verse uh
I'm on 'til I'm on a island
My life's ridin' on the Autobahn on autopilot
Before I touch dirt I'll kill y'all for kindness
I kill ya my natural persona's much worse
You've been warned if you've been born or if you conform
Slap up a cop and then snatch him out of his uniform
Leave him with his socks hard bottoms and bloomers on
And hang him by his balls from the horn of a unicorn
Y'all niggas' intellect mad slow y'all fags know
Claimin' you bangin' you flamin'
Bet you could light your own cigarette with your asshole
Me and Shady deaded the past so that basically resurrected my cashflow
I might rap tight as the snatch of a fat dyke
Though I ain't wrapped tight
My blood type's the '80s!
My '90s was like the Navy you was like the Bradys
You still fly kites daily!
Catch me in my Mercedes
Bumpin' "Ice Ice Baby " screamin' Shady 'til I die
Like I have a pair of dice life's crazy
So I live it to the fullest 'til I'm Swayze
And you only live it once so I'm thinkin' 'bout this nice nice lady
Wait no stop me now 'fore I get on a roll 
Let me tell you what this pretty little dame's name is 'cause she's kinda famous
And I hope that I don't sound too heinous when I say this
Nicki Minaj but I wanna stick my penis in your anus!
You morons think that I'm a genius
Really I belong inside a dang insane asylum cleanin' try them trailer parks
Crazy I am back and I am razor-sharp baby
And that's back with' a capital B with' an exclamation mark maybe
You should listen when I flip the linguistics
'Cause I'm gonna rip this mystical slick shit
You don't wanna become another victim or statistic of this shit
'Cause after I spit the bullets Imma treat these shell casings like a soccer ball
Imma kick the ballistics! So get this dick Imma live this
Livin' life in the fast lane
Movin' at the speed of life and I can't slow down
Only got a gallon in the gas tank
But I'm almost at the finish line so I can't stop now
I don't really know where I'm headed just enjoyin' the ride
Gon' roll 'til I drop and ride 'til I die
I'm livin' life in the fast lane 
Livin' life in the fast lane 
My whole goal as a poet's to be relaxed in orbit
At war with' a bottle as Captain Morgan attacks my organs
My slow flow is euphoric it's like I rap endorphins
I made a pact with the Devil that says "I'll let you take me
You let me take this shovel dig up the corpse of Jack Kevorkian"
Go 'back and forth in more beef than you can pack a fork in
I'm livin' the life of the infinite enemy down
My tenement too many now to send my serenity powers
Spin 'em around enterin' in the vicinity
Now was called Eminem but he threw away the candy and ate the rapper
Chewed him up  and spitted him out
Girl giddy-up now get get down
He's lookin' around this club and it looks like people are havin' a shit fit now
Here little t-t-trailer trash take a look who's back in t-t-town
Did I s-st-stutter motherfucker? Fuck them all she tryna d-dr-drown
Shawty when you dance you got me captivated
Just by the way that you keep lickin' them dick suckin' lips I'm agitated aggravated
To the point you don't suck my dick then you're gonna get decapitated
Other words you don't fuckin' give me head then I'm have to take it
And then after takin' that I'm a catch a case it's gon' be fascinatin'
It's gon' say  on top of the affidavit
Graduated from master debater slash massive masturbator
To Michael Jackson' activator 
Meanin' I'm on fire off the top might wanna back up the data
Runnin' over hip-hop in a verbal tractor-trailer
Homie they sick you can normally ask a hater
Don't it make sense these shell casings is just like a bag of paper
Drop in the lap of a tax evader (Homie they spent)
Now make that ass drop like a sack of potatoes
What girl I'm the crack-a-lator
Percolator to this party be my penis ejaculator later
Tell your boyfriend that you just struck paydirt
You rollin' with a player you won't be exaggeratin' when you sayin' you're...
Livin' life in the fast lane
Movin' at the speed of life and I can't slow down
Only got a gallon in the gas tank
But I'm almost at the finish line so I can't stop now
I don't really know where I'm headed lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(First Word Excrement)
Exclimate is that what you said?
My next defense against these extra men
Who try to step to me and wanna have sex again
You little sickass I'll spray em with gasoline
They try to jack me off with Vaseline
My ass is mean I smash your spleen
When I crash the scene
With a cell phone now who the hell is home?
Y'all can't tell Paul how to throw me words
Cause animal crackers is what I do when I eat MC's like a cannibal backwards
Ha ha I got it that's not it
Fake rappers been spotted
Like broken headphones you head home you sped home
You get your head blown rappers try to step they speak in the dead tones
So I ain't trying to hear them give me another word for your mother
Stretch Armstrong my brother coming with rhymes every time that I be drumming
Running with this shit when I kick a bitch in the stomach
And star wars this car's a Taurus
Yo how many bars we hit tonight cause I'm drunk off
Off peanut butter you see my dick and you start to stutter
Start to utter words that you shouldn't utter
Cause Mark Whalberg is a small turd and I'mma step on him like dogshit
A fore fist so rappers just get off it I come across with
With pulp fiction yo I'll eat you like a big gulp addiction
Like slurpees got herpes got a hair piece rest my anises
Got brain damage I'm dumber than rain man is
There's mayonnaise on this I need a plain sandwich
Hurry up give me one rappers try to step to this static they wanna give me none
With fresh vegetables my testicles are hanging off to the left of you
You're bisexual and there's a guy next to you standing rappers know that I
Be-
Preparation H you didn't even let me finish my rhyme
Just shut up for one more time while I just shine on this
Microphone cause I'mma be honest any MC who tries to step to this
I'm making you a promise that what? Give me a word
That Nostradamus is blowing up your house killing your foster mammas
And coming back to get your parents well I have it
These rhymes are fourteen karat solid gold
Rappers step to me you get your wallet stole
In Times Square I got blonde hair I'm higher than con air
Rappers don't want to see me I'll butt fuck Goldie Hawn bare
In a lawn chair cause I'm there
With Kurt Russell saying "come here Goldie you want my love muscle?"
I know you want it I get blunted then I
Kick these freestyles just like whipped knees
With a taxicab I'll smack a bitch with a maxi pad
Where we going? Don't ask me dad
Leave me alone I'm not trying to even hear you
Dad I hope you're fucking dying off this porno mag
Yo did you see my ad? Yo wait a minute did you see my ass?
Is what I meant to say I meant to say a rhyme that goes this way is elementary
For the century Slim Shady's is gonna be the illest
What? Flamingos? My mother goes out and plays bingo
Every single day at the bingo hall that's why my dick is single small
Didn't blow up just don't give a what? A cuff?
Didn't blow up just don't give a what? A cuff?
But DT's fired he's retired he's not hired yo plus I'm tired
Of busting and spitting this rhyme nonstop I'm on top
Taking records to the pawnshop stretch
Damn see my big ick? Catch
Put a D in front of it rappers don't want none of it
Coming with a ton of shit to spill Slim Shady out I get ill with the skill
Baby aight baby Slim Shady
Kick eighty million rhymes till I'm older than Grady
Spilled gravy lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
"Yo man.. Yo Marsh man You've been kickin' all this shit about yourself what about the homies man?"
"Ai you want one about the posse Aight" 
Oh foolish pride oh oh oh oh foolish pride
Oh oh ph ohh
Foolish pride oh oh oh oh foolish pride
Well foolish pride has alot of things to say
You got foolish pride you got tooth decay
But tooth decay is another problem
So let's take this old foolish pride and solve it
Now when I talk about foolish pride
I mean blacks & whites taking different sides
When blacks and whites take different sides
Unity never happens and we will subside
We will subside and hatred will release
And everything will just crush that peace
Well when we crush that peace we start hatin' each other
But remember you are my brother and you are my sister
Just like I'm a mister
I seen a black girlfriend and I kissed her
I kissed her; I placed it on her cheek
And she didn't come back til next week
Now it was next week and she was back again
Wanting to kiss a white kid
So she was my girlfriend we started going out
But that's okay because we were Black and white
Blacks and whites they sometimes mix
But Black girls only want your money cause they're dumb chicks
So I'ma say like this
Don't date a Black girl take it as a diss
If you want but if you don't
I'ma tell you like this I surely won't
Never date a Black girl because Blacks only want your money
And that shit ain't funny
So I'ma say look honey
Why do you do this?
You know you step up to me like you a Brutus
Then you try to grab my spinach
Because its green and that's cash
So get outta here 'cause I don't need your ass
I said that before but that's okay because like I said you're a whore
Black girls and white girls just don't mix
Because Black girls are dumb and white girls are good chicks
White girls are good; I like white girls
I like white girls all over the world
White girls are fine and they blow my mind
And that's why I'm here now telling you this rhyme
'Cause Black girls I really don't like
We don't mix it's like riding a bike
When you're peddling hard uphill both ways
You know it's kinda hard and that's why I say to you
I'm giving you a little advice
Don't date a Black girl if you do it once you won't do it twice
You won't ever do it again because they'll take your money
And that ain't funny
So I'ma say look honey
I thought I said that before
But like I said again you're nothing but a big whore
So when mike catch on the bass line
That's okay 'cause we will not just waste time
I'll get straight to the point
Black girls are bitches that's why I'ma tell ya you better pull up your britches
'Cause all that cash is making your ass drag
From the boyfriend ya ganked and that's pretty bad
I mean that's pretty sad when ya dating a Black guy
And then you turn around and fuck another big Black guy
Now that's pretty wrong but you're just ganking
But that's okay because you need a goddamn spanking
From me the funky Eminem
I'm busting rhymes and I'm swallowing phlegm
I'm busting a freestyle just like this
I say swallowing phlegm and Howard gets pissed
But when Howard gets pissed that's okay
Because he leaves and he doesn't show up for two more days
So I'll just worry about that problem when I come to it
I cross that bridge when I come to it
Because I forgot the chorus
But that's okay 'cause y'all saying bust a rhyme for us
So I'ma bust another rhyme about this Black girl
She turned out to be a fuckin' wack girl
A wack girl because Black girls ain't funny
All they want is your godamn money
They take you for everything you got
And then you stand with a bunch of snot in your hand
So I'ma kick it to you just like this
How does the chorus go I forgot
But that's okay 'cause I'ma tell you in stride
I'ma say oh foolish pride
Oh foolish pride oh oh oh oh foolish pride
Oh oh oh oh foolish pride oh oh oh oh foolish pride
Oh oh oh oh foolish pride oh oh oh oh foolish pride
Oh oh oh oh foolish pride oh oh oh
Date a white girl lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I done figured this rap shit out
I map shit out strategically
Timing is everything and that seems to be the key
To my success it's worked for me repeatedly
Let 'em diss you first and respond immediately
And order the mask til they want a war don't start a war
Shit not no more we done scared em off there are no more
Victims to stick I'm fixin to pick some and start shit
I'm outta 
Pictures to rip and shit to throw darts at
Ain't got no more targets shit Irv and Jeff
We done beat em to death Benzino went deaf
There seems to just be no one left to bully
Bush is pussy
Why the fuck you think his name's Bush?
Puss is bushy
Ain't shit goin on shit I been gettin so bored lately
I'm thinkin of doin some shit to get you to go and hate me again
To tell the truth I liked the shit better then
Shit I could spit better I'm bout to kick this sick shit again look
The game just isn't the same it's changin
Shit Dre's quittin Jay'z quittin now it's just gangstas just sayin the same shit
It's ancient it's fakin
It's makin me so bored I'mma just make a new language
Fubba you cubba kubba yubba obubba uba
Yubba can subbabick my dubbibbabick through a tooba
Summaladoomalama
I'm not a human I'm a supersonic neurobonic suicidal unibomber
You think I'm a nuisce I'm impressive I'm the new Madonna
Jeffery Dahmer left me with his legacy to carry on
A lotta talk and rumors honest whos the hottest lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
"Fuck it friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the end"
I shoulda been able to see that you were the one behind this
But I was blind as fuck to think that you weren't the kind that stuck some more in the spine this
It was as if our friendship broke in half
And watch you turn everything into a game and joke and laugh
And both of us know we can't discuss the situation
Like adults each confrontation just results in accusations and insults
So I'ma just let it go for now
And leave you be it's over now
What goes around comes back around
Believe you me lay low for now come here you fuckin'
Come here you fuckin' backstabber
Why I oughta beat a bitch nigga from the hood haha
Come here you fuckin' backstabber
Why I oughta beat a nigga that's up to no good haha
Why don't you take a second to stop and think about what you done
And you want to call that being a friend that isn't what you want
All because of what you run your mouth you wanna prance around and gloat?
Let's see how well you dance around when I got my hands around your throat
Cause it's a matter of time till I get my blows in and it won't be long
You shouldn't go walkin' around and stickin' your nose in where it don't belong
Cause every time you talked when you was stretchin the truth
Theres gonna be one more flyin' knuckle you're gonna catch in the tooth
Come here come here you fuckin'
Come here you lil double-crossing goin behind my back snitcher
Good for nothin but trouble causin instigating fact switcher
You were the least that I suspected
Till the puzzle fell into place with every piece that I selected
But I'll never let that crap happen again
You come back blabbin' again
Catch it smack dab in the chin
That's for backstabbin a friend
Cause every name in the book
Wouldn't be enough
So I just figured I'd say your name in the hook
Check it out come here you fuckin
Backstabbers don't live too long
Around my way friendships betrayed
In the hood you die for that!
For those that don't love this combat and verbally say this
This could relate to the death of a backstabber
Thats like the desire to make total discombobulation and combustion of the neck
The backstabber for the female you skeezin' ass bitch nigga!
So remember the backstabber always loses in the end
A friend is a friend to the end
F-R-I for Fri lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(with Obie Trice DMX)
I ain't gonna eat I ain't gonna sleep
Ain't gonna breathe 'til I see what I wanna see
And what I wanna see is you go to sleep in the dirt
Permanently you just being hurt
This ain't gonna work for me
It just wouldn't be sufficient enough
Cause we are just gonna be enemies
As long as we breathe I don't ever see either of us
Coming to terms where we can agree
There ain't gonna be no reasoning speaking wit me
You speak on my seed then me no speak-a ingles
So we gonna beef and keep on beefing unless
You're gonna agree to meet with me in the flesh
And settle this face to face and you're gonna see
A demon unleashed in me that you've never seen
And you're gonna see this gangster pee on himself
I see you D12 and thanks but me need no help
Me do this one all by my lonely
I don't need fifteen of my homies
When I see you I'm seeing you me and you only
We never met but best believe you gon' know me
When I'm this close to see you exposed as phony
Come on bitch show me pick me up throw me
Lift me up hold me just like you told me
You was gonna do that's what I thought you're pitiful
I'm rid of you all of you Ja you'll get it too!
Now go to sleep bitch
Die motherfucker die
Ugh time's up bitch close ya eyes
Go to sleep bitch 
Why are you still alive
How many times I gotta say close ya eyes
And go to sleep bitch 
Die motherfucker die bye bye motherfucker bye bye
Go to sleep bitch 
Why are you still alive
Why die motherfucker ah ah ah
Go to sleep bitch
We got you niggas nervous
On purpose to hurt your focus
You's not MC's you's worthless
You's not them G's you's a circus
You's no appeal please
You's curtains you use words Kool Herc slurred in two thousand third
You's purping you's no threat who's ya serving
When lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when
You fuck with a label overseeing the Earth
Shady muthafucka O. Trice's birth
And as I mold I become a curse
So we can put down the verse take it to the turf
Cock and squeeze and he who reach the hearse is he who
Depicts fiction in his verse
And as I breathe and you be deceased
The world believe you deceived just to speak
You's not the streets you's the desk
Use not your chest nigga use a vest
Before two's choose ya rest you chose death
Six feet deep nigga that's the depth
Hey dog I'mma walk like a beast talk like the streets
I'mma stay blazing New York with the heat
Stalk on the beat walk with my feet
Understand my pain the rain ain't sleet
Peep how I'm moving peep where I'm going
Shit don't seep then sleep not knowing
But I'mma keep growing getting larger than life
Easy going with the same one that started the fight
He be knowing how dog get when dog don't bite
Tried to show him the dog shit it's dog for life
Grand Champ and my Blood Line is tight
Cuz it's all good it's all right
Niggas tried to holla but couldn't holla back
Now they gots to swallow everything in the sac
Blood Line and we can go track for track
Damn dog why'd you have to do them niggas like that
All you motherfuckers take that
Here take this too bitch
Uh Uh Uh Uh Wahoo
We're killing all you motherfuckers dead all of you
Fake ass gangsters
No more press
No more press
Rot motherfuckers rot
Decay in the dirt bitch in the motherfucking dirt
Die nameless bitch die nameless no more fame
Ahh hahahaha
Yo X come on man Obie let's go lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Rihanna Jay-Z)
Shut up and sing
Listen Gone Again.....
Have you ever loved someone so much you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression no literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
 Dad's gotta go catch a plane
I don't know go play Hailie baby your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady yeah baby Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...
Listen Gone Again
Story of my life
Searching for the right
But it keeps avoiding me
Listen Gone Again
Sorrow in my soul
Cause it seems that wrong
Really loves my company
They say 
So on that note I'm leaving after the song
So you ain't gotta feel no way about Jay so long
Atleast let me tell you why I'm this way Hold on
I was conceived by Gloria Carter and Adaness Revees
Who made love under the Siccamore tree 
Which makes me
A more sicker M.C. and my momma would claim
At 10 pounds when I was born I didn't give her no pain
Although through the years I gave her her fair share
I gave her her first real scare
I made it from birth and I got here
She knows my purpose wasn't purpose
I ain't perfect I care
But I feel worthless cause my shirts wasn't matchin my gear
Now I'm just scratchin the surface cause what's burried under there
Was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared
I went to school got good grades could behave when I wanted
But I had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted
Hold on
Listen Gone Again
Story of my life
Searching for the right
But it keeps avoiding me
Listen Gone Again
Sorrow in my soul
Cause it seems that wrong
Really loves my company
I keep having this dream I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby Daddy ain't leaving no more "Daddy you're lying
"You always say that you always say this is the last time
"But you ain't leaving no more Daddy you're mine"
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"Daddy please Daddy don't leave Daddy - no stop it!"
Goes in her pocket pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture "this'll keep you safe Daddy take it withcha'"
I look up it's just me standing in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talking cuz man I can hear 'em
They're saying  - and it's tonight
Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage they're gone lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no cheddar than us 
Shady records ain't nobody better than this
You can hate me all you want 
It don't phase me its so crazy
I let these motherfuckers worry about what I'm doing
But they need to worry about them goddamn selves
I just do me 
You should be doing you not trying to copy on me
I got this locked from the burbs to the projects
Now none of you worry cause I got next
This rap shit out I map shit strategically
Timing is everything and that seems to be the key
To my success it's worked for me repeatedly
Timing is everything and that seems to be the key
Let them diss you first respond immediately
In order to master art of war don't start a war shit not no more
We done scared them off there are no more
Victims to sick I'm fixing the pics 
I'm a start shit ain't got no pictures to rip
And shit to throw darts at 
Ain't got no more targets shit Irv and Jeff   
We don't beat em to death benzino in dept
Just be no one left to bully 
Bush is pussy why the fuck you think in name's bush
Puss is bushy ain't shit going on shit I been getting so bored lately
I'm thinking of doing some shit
To get you to go and hate me again
The game just isn't the same its changing
Shit Dre's quitting Jay's quitting
Now its wanksta they're saying the same shit
It's ancient its fake 
Its making me so bored I'ma just make a new language
Fubba U cuppa cubba Uppa u Uppa Oobba
Youbba can Susubba my dadabbadick throug the tuba
Some other rumour lama I'm not a huma I'ma
Supersonic new robotic suicidal Unabomber
You think I'm the new osama
Press thinks I'm a new madonna
Jeffry Dahmer left me 
With his legacy to carry on a
Lot talk and rumors on us 
Who's the hottest to be honest 
Hip hop ain't been the same since tupac moved to cuba on us
Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no fucking more cheddar than us 
Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no fucking more cheddar than us
You can hate all you want but I don't give it a thought
Coz you don't know about me
Its really that simple I can fit in a thimble whatcha
Know about me?
They ain't feeling my songs lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. 50 Cent Busta Rhymes)
Come get me
Motherfuckers if you want Shady
If Pac was still here now
He would never ride with Ja
Na na na na na na na na
Makaveli rest in peace
Irv Gotti too much Bacardi in his body
Mouth like a .12 gauge shotti
You ain't no killer you a pussy
That ecstasy got you all emotional and moushy
Bitches wearing rags in photos Ja's words being quoted
In the SOURCE stealing 'Pac's shit like he just wrote it
You loud mouth pray to god hoping no ones listening
See 50 coming for me I'ma guard my my position
No one will pay attention
To me please Gotti here I go
Gimme this pill ecstasy got me feeling so
Invincible
Now all of a sudden I'm a fucking mad man who screams
Like I'm 'Pac but I'm not enemies Hennesy
Acting like I'm great but I'm fake I'm CRAZY
Sweat drip get me off this trip someone stop this train
Some say my brain is all corrupted fuck from this shit
I'm stuck I'm addicted from these drugs I'ma quit
Saying motherfucker's name's before someone fucks me up
Ain't no pussies over here partner see you hell fucker
Come get me
If you motherfuckers want Shady
If Pac was still here now
He would never ride with Ja
Na na na na na na na na
Get off that E
Before you try to fuck with me
It's Aftermath here now
Shady Records got it locked
La la la la  la la la la
Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers
Never realized the precious time them bitch niggas is wasting
Institutionalize my bitches bring me product by the bundles
Hustle hard from the cell G-Unit motherfucker WE BALLING
Catch me counting trees when I'm calling
Can you set my car Ceo let me sip on Henessy 
Hell I done been in jail I ain't scared
Momma checking in my bedroom I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it
Motherfuckers think they can stop 50... they losing it
Lil' nigga named Ja thinks he live like me
Talking about he left the hospital took 9 like me
You living fantasies nigga
I'll Reject your Deposit
When yo lil sweet ass coming out of the closet
now he wondering why DMX blow him out
next time grown folks talking bitch close your mouth
Peep me I take this war shit deeply
Seen too many real niggas balling like these bitch niggas beat me
yous a motherfucking punk and you see me with gloves
quit scaring them fucking kids with ya ugly ass mug
and you can tell them niggas you roll with whatever you want
but you and i know whats going on Nigga pay back I know your bitch ass from way back
Witness be strap with macs You know I don't play that
All these old rappers trying to advance its all over now -- take it like a man
HAHA--Irv looking like Larry Holmes flabby and sick
trying to play hate on my shit - man eat a fat dick
Loving this shit thats how you made me-feeling like I got you niggas crazy i like
Against all odds up with my dogs motherfuckers now
It'll be the realist shit I ever wrote
Against all odds up in the studio getting blow to the truest shit i ever
spoke 21 gun salute
Hey yo I'm one of the most humble rep the streets to the core
Hey Jeffrey What the fuck you come involving me for?
You spent a long time coming like a bless and a check
you see 106 and park fans don't even fucking respect you
It's kinda funny wanna be PAC wanna be fake like he thug
running around talking shit that he ain't even capable of
now let me OFF this cock sucker watch me handle you nigga
If i recall Violator use to manage you nigga then took a closer look and
realized you was an empostor theres never been a Violator on a Murda Inc rosta. Dumb ass
now who shoot? -- Ah made you look you said Busta singing the same old hook You Stupid
if yall shoot I take a look at ya man the bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam
Chedda Bob ass nigga start adjusting ya plan
you let the streets down nigga - Apologize to ya fans
watch ya pull a lil stunt like we ain't know where you are ya lil faggot
desperate be trying while we establish a buzz I know the shit is driving you crazy You wondering how
The streets ain't never want you Beatrice what you gonna do now?
Now if you wanna beef with me then I'm beefing with you
I think about the game and what its like and 
You finished I ain't trying to repeat this just because I'm cool shouldn't
take my kindness for weakness
Ooh shit ha ha That was fun Next time you got a problem with me Address me
before you try to make the shit a public issue homie lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Get on yo knees nigga get on yo knees and pray
Em you claim ya mother's a crackhead and kim is a known slut so what's Hailie gon' be when she grows up?
 AH-HA! Yeah! C'mon!
G-g-g-g G-Unit! Hailie
 What?
 Come here baby bring daddy his Oscar
 Okay
 We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass!
I'm about to get rid of some hoes it's simple
I'm quick to murder ink with lead and talkin' bout a pencil
Lookit what the fuck you done got into
I see you found yo niche you just a bitch wit a menstrol
Claimin' you a murderer and you spelled it wrong
You put 'e' before the 'd' cuz that's all you on
You on Pac's dick you a regular guy
If Pac was still alive you would never get by
All you do is cry bitch keep it real
Life is more than imitating niggaz and eatin' pills
And kind of muthafucka ruins three deals
That another nigga got you they didn't see skills
And I ain't playin' you a brother gettin' cheated
And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover cuz he need it
And all you niggaz hatin' shut you mouths
It's just that real niggaz ain't buyin' that shit y'all put out
Do-ra-mi but we don't sing muhfuckas
So Murder Inc. do ya thing muhfuckas
You've unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less
Than R&B comin' from that regime
Regime it's a little extreme
Neck and necks with soldiers muhfuckin' Marines
Ja sold his soul to sing
Weave eye-witness team on the tv screen chase the greed
Now that you've embraced the green
Don't fuck with the triple beams
You's a muthafuckin actor slash Pac impersonatin' rapper
Slash Billie Holliday how it happen?
Artist for Repetuar saw him in action
Pac assassination Def Jam grabbed him
Told him reinact him you go platinum
They seen it for sure I know that Afina Shakur
Don't enjoy Jeffery Atkins reinactin' her boy
So I'm click-clackin' this toy
Mash and destroy Shady
Aftermath and Detroit muthafuckas
Do-ra-me fa-so-la-ti-da
Don't blame me cuz you lost your boss's spot
Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
Don't make me too hot and you're not
Shootin' at me with the only shot you got
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop
Now we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
To the greivance and the cryin' and the intimate hugs
We don't take you serious nigga you shook you half of a half-way crook get off X dick go sing a hook nigga
And you can't replace the late greal one
And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
Nigga please stick to the script
before the guns stick to the clip and Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch
Fuckin' old ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior citizen
Built up slap you like Grimace all sensitive
Wait a minute hold on
Is it me or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on?
A bitch made man now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a tyrannasaurus rex?
You niggaz can scream holler and curse
Go ahead and respond and pull that pen and pad up outta ya purse
Slim did it simple to get at the wankstas
He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
What up Gotti and this little war you pushed on
Put you ear to the ground for stucky and bush stones
What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggaz?
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
It's real business you ain't caught the concept
You talkin' nonsense to walk and find press
Contact was blown by Munsetta in The Source
Threaten at the boss you gon' see me on ya porch
Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
But Detroit niggaz ?? and ain't scurred to bust
Word to my nigga Bugs punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconcious and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils with dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya? Cadillic Pac or that transvestite who dress like a Lil Kim fox her chest like a little windbox
press tight on the trigger of this glock
Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep
You got shot in your video tryin mock Pac
You 'Mockaveli' get your own identity
Yeah!
Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again!
Fuckin' punk pussy little bitch!
I'll fuck you up boy!
Never! Never in your muthafuckin life!
I'll choke the shit outchu little muthafuckin bitch!
Hailie can whip your muthafuckin ass!
That's right muthafuckas
Shady records whatchu know about it?
Fuck Benzino fuck Ja Rule
Nigga this Obie Triceright here talkin to you muthafuckas
Ja Rule punk ass... Yea!
Fuckin Soul For Real ass...
Nigga that's Soul For Real
That the nigga from Soul For Real!
Candy Rain ass nigga...
He got a deal now he rappin'
You'ont know what's... faggot ass muhfuckas
Get money to all my real niggas man
Obie Trice D12 G Unit 50 Cent...
Hailie Jade!!!
Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me?
No honey lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. J-Black Masta Ase)
Jigoku e iku no wa.. omae ga saki da!
Welcome back to the stage of history
Yo.. Slim Shady!
Yo.. I'll fuckin.. I'll..
I'll puke eat it and freak you 
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse 
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you 
 I ain't no fuckin G I'm a cannibal 
I ain't tryin to shoot you 
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic stab you with broken glass 
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid black magic cloaks and daggers 
Fuck the planet until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it 
while I sit back and just hope it catches 
Blow you to fragments
Laugh roll you and smoke the ashes
I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
If so heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound whatever let's go down
Am I the worst? Because I never go to church 
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot see the doc
Leave the E.R. then hit a bar for a liquor shot 'til the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die I'ma be so high
that I'ma get up and walk leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
Now if I pray everynight 
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight?
You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke I drink I curse and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line wearin a Nordface
Nickle nine at my waist God done lost faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters and oh yeah where's Thai at?
Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle fight!
Analyze the strength of my game like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul with a vest on my torso
And of course yo y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older and more colder
Fly you to Colorado roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care
But every time I take a step lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Your mother you fuckin faggot
La da da da da da da da 
Aiyo this next song is dedicated to the memory of Erik Schrody
Rest in peace we aint forget about you you fuckin homo
We still remember
There once was a man who liked to jump around 
But he got too old to jump up and down 
So he put the mic down and picked the guitar up 
Started singin the blues like there's no tomorrow 
 Left his boys in the house of pain 
It was the wisest decision he ever made 
But the dumbest thing he could ever do 
Was try to buck a 380 on those that act shady
Tell me now what you gonna do 
Cause I remember all those years
How it was when you were here
I remember how it was how it was when you were young
Yesterday was so long ago 
Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now
Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more
I remember back when you had The Knack 
And i remember when you had your first heart attack 
I was right there laughin when I heard the news 
I just wish the cardiac would'a murdered you 
Maybe Ice-T's right you are a bitch 
You come around when you're broke and you leave when you're rich 
But the dumbest thing that you could ever do 
Was try to buck a 380 on those that act shady
Tell me now what you gonna do 
Yo  yo  yo 
Remember back in '94 like right before Ms. Everlast was Whitey Ford
Before his heart attack had him on life support
When house of pain was out of fame like someone doused the flame
And they became destined to never jump around again 
Or even further back when I first had heard The Knack
And you were down with Syndicate I went to get your shit man
I was into it
But then you went and took your style and switched the shit
Now you sound ridiculous you dickless piece of shit
How could you diss me bitch?
I liked you thought you was alright for a white dude
Remember Sway and Tech when I came up and sat beside you
Started rhymin then you left the room 
and didn't say goodbye or nothin?
Like you mad that someone else was
White and tried to rhyme or somethin
I'm sorry man I wasn't tryin to steal your light or nothin
But you're a homosexual white rappin Irish {Muslim}
Man I wish I was Irish I could be a {Muslim} too
Then I'd be confused as you and I wouldn't know what to do
What's up with you? 
I never fucked with you why would you fuck with me?
Knowin I could rap circles around you what you nuts as me?
Plus I can sing better than you and I don't fuckin sing
And probably play guitar better and I ain't never touched a string
But I ain't mad at you I'd hate me too if I was you
I'm what you used to be shit you was me in '92
So everytime I write a lyric I'mma think of you
And maybe that'll help me know what it's like to sing the blues
You fuckin punk pussy you fuckin faggot sissy fuck
And by the way a 380's a fuckin sissy gun
If you're gonna shoot somebody use a fuckin real gun
You little bitch
Next time say my fuckin name in a song
Don't be subliminal about it
You wanna fuckin diss me diss me you fuckin faggot
You fuckin punk pussy you fuckin little bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Damn it feels good to be back
I'm having a relapse
How the hell did he manage
To get more felony charges?
He's already got life in jail
Man what the hell is his problem?
Well to be honest the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic
They compelled me
To kill this elderly man
And i get these panic attacks
Pop a xanax relax
Try to stick my fucking dick
Inside a mannequins ass
Then i get manic depressed
And the orthodontist get gas masked
Kick ass
The first thing i'll put on is the mask
Speaking of masks man
It aint to late to have a change of pace
And take it off and show my face
So you can see the things you face
And slice you up
And cook you after your murder
By strangulation
Thats bacon souffle
You making aint you
Well thank you jason
There goes one more coma
Due to blunt force trauma
Just give me one more soma
And i'll be done for it mama
Go in the damn broom closet
Another valium lost it
Shovin the vacuums nozzle
Down the bathroom faucet
It seems like every day i get a little flakier
The medication is making my hands a little shakier
Hand me that 18 month old baby
To shake him up
It'll only take me a second to choke his trachea
Breaking his neck in 80 some places
Baby here shady comes lady
He's got the razor ba-blades and the cha-cha-chainsaw-saw baby
You b-b-blundering bumbling m-m-mumbling dumm dumms
Yeah here i come come you hear the rumbling lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
If I die young bury me in satin
Lay me down on a bed of roses
Sink me in the river at dawn
Send me away with the words of a love song
She got that good good she Michael Jackson bad
I'm attracted to her for her attractive ass
And now we're murderers because we kill the time
I knock her lights out and she still shine
I hate to see her go but I love to watch her leave
But I keep her running back and forth like a soccer team
Cold as a winter day hot as a summer's eve
Young money thieves steal your love and leave
I like the way you walk and if you're walking my way
I'm that red bull now let's fly away
Let's buy a place with all kind of space
I let you be the judge n' n' and I'm the case
I'm Gudda Gudda I put her under
I see me with her no Stevie Wonder
She don't even wonder coz she know she bad
And I got her nigga grocery bag
If I die young bury me in satin
Lay me down on a bed of roses
Sink me in the river at dawn
Send me away with the words of a love song
Man if I could sing. I'd keep singing this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes I'd blow something as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her how proud I am that I got her
God I'm a daddy I'm so glad that her mom didn't...
Now you probably get this picture from mu public persona
That I'm a pistol packing drug addict who bags on his mama
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside my soul
And just know that I grow cold of the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world and I think my neck is breaking
Should I just give up or live up to these excpetations?
now look I love my daughter more than life itself
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life living hell
But I handle it well given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances man it's too bad coulda had someone else
But the years that I've wasted is nothing to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facing 3 felonies 6 years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to people's back bent over backwards for this woman
If I die young lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Check Check 12Ö12Ö12 
Yea yea yea Dr. Dre up in here Y'all know what this is.
It's what y'all been waiting for Funk Master Flex Big Kap
Def Jam Records giving it to you baby.
Yo Eminem! show these mother fuckers what time it is baby
I used to be a lonely man only mad until I got a million dollars shit
Now if I only had some fucking hair I'd pull it faster than a bullet
Out of Tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it
I'm trying to grow it back again it was an accident
I had my back against the fan and chopped it off in Amsterdam
I hate the straight jacket it ainít latching and can't lock it
So they stapled my hand to my pants pockets
The cell's padded and battered like someone else had it
Before me and just kept throwing they fucking self at it
My head is aching! I'm dedicated to medication
But this med is taking too long to bring me this sedadation? 
Anyway I got down with Dre 
The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray
Running up and down the street screaming 
When you still had your mother's fucking Nipple stuck in your teeth  
Became a role model after Colorado
Now all they do is follow me around and holla Bravo!
Hell yea I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public
Suck my dick bitch!
I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't
Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place
So put a sock in it with your fake-ass Tupac image
You faggots ain't tough you just get drunk and become talkative  
I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking
Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket
So when you see me on your block stumbling mumbling
A bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does
I ain't buzzed! I'm just high on life
So why on earth would I need drugs when I can fly on kites Motherfucker? Slim Shady
Dr. Dre!
I'm drunk pass the tec
Cause if I get locked up tonight!
Then I might not come home tonight!
Keep it moving! Off and on Eminem is on
Off and on Dr. Dre is On
Cause if I get locked up tonight!
Then I might not come home tonight!
Keep it moving! Off and on Eminem is on
Off and on Dr. Dre is On
The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire
I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron 
Psych I'm just joking for christ sake
Donít get so bent out of shape
Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends
Some people just don't get it but I won't let it upset me
Cause they don't know better
They don't know what the fuck it's like to be so fed up
And fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up
My mind's got a mind of it's own sometimes I can't find it at home
It hides in the stove (Hello where you at?)
Shit talk about your brain being baked
My shit's still in the oven on 480 degrees
Hailey Jade daddy loves you baby
Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter! fuck you lady!
You critics wanna criticize but couldn't visualize
Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes
The neighborhood that I grew up in you could die for nothing
And Dirty Dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit
I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth
And shove his head in the fan blade
Don't ever tell me what I can and what I can't say
Or change cause of the age-range in my fan base
Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit
Quit fucking buying it I'm tired bitch I'm dying to quit
Hip-Hop is universal now it's all commercial now
It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now
But now the White kids like it so they tell me I can buy it
But as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night gets silent
Either that or booed thatís why I keep an attitude
And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon
I'm sick of being judged fuck it let me see a judge
I'll confess to every murder I committed since 3 years old
Cause if I get locked up tonight!
Then I might not come home tonight!
Keep it moving! Off and on Eminem is on
Off and on Dr. Dre is On
Cause if I get locked up tonight!
Then I might not come home tonight!
Keep it moving! Off and on Eminem is on
Off and on Dr. Dre is On
Fuck that lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Ah yeah (It's like this like this)
This is Eminem baby back up in that motherfucking ass
('Til forever 'til forever)
One time for your motherfuckin' mind (For MC's MC's)
We represent the 313 you know what I'm saying?
Yo they don't know shit about this for the '96
Ayo my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxin' the zany actin' maniac in action
A brainiac in fact son you mainly lack attraction
You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run
My rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills
I travel through your mind and chill your spine like siren drills
I'm slimin' grills of roaches with spray that disinfects
And twistin' necks of rappers
'Til their spinal column disconnects
Put this in decks and check the monologue
Turn your system up twist 'em up
And indulge in the marijuana smog
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more car-tunes than animation
My lamination of narration
Hits a snare and bass on a track for duck rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion
There ain't no time to be starin' gazin'
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland
I'm Infinite; you heard of Hell
Well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence
For murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted
To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite
Bust it! I let the beat commence
So I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince
A crew to stomp and then two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies I spoil loyal fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans
My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper than a jeep-full of people
MC's are feeble I came to cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MC's and stand the lonely one
Imitator intimidator stimulator
Simulator of data eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
My thesis'll smash a stereo to pieces
My a cappella releases classic masterpieces
Through telekinesis it eases you mentally
Gently sentimentally instrumentally
With entity dementedly meant to be Infinite
I'm Infinite; you heard of Hell
Well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence
For murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted
To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite
Man I got evidence I'm never dense
And I've been clever ever since my residence was hesitant
To do some shit that represents the MO
So I'm assuming all responsibility
'Cause there's a monster will in me
That always wants to kill MCs
Mic nestler slammin' like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
No one else is specialer my skill is intergalactical
I get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool it wasn't practical
I'd rather let a tactical tactful track tickle your fancy
In fact I can't see or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratchin'
So this is for my family the kid who had a cameo
On my last jam plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be 'cause once you make an instant hit
I'm tensed a bit and tempted
When I see the sins my friends commit
I'm Infinite; you heard of Hell
Well I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence
For murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted
To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite
'95 lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
"So let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around what is this?"
 What is this? what is this?
The Invasion! 
Green Lantern! the infiltration we comin'! 
I got 50 Cent I got G-Unit
D-Tweezy in this bitch wit Obie Trice!
So watch what you say 'fore you call our name
Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice!
Whoa here we go I should've' known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit
Sooner or later you little haters
Are too jealous of us to love us
You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming
D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach
50 percent of it's 50 cent
The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is
But if you even considerin' taking our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it
I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit
Cause then it's gonna get to the point
Where it escalates to some other shit
Then I'm a flip then I'm a get to
But you won't be able to tell
If it's two pairs or it's one
It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me
Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me
Y'all tickle me pink
I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me
Hickory dickory dock tickety tock tickety
A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy
Mixed with a little bit of the
Jigga-Ja-Jigga
Wit a small pinch of Biggie
Look at me I'm just the bomb diggedy
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cause we gonna fuck around and kill your label
Obie D-Tweezy G-Unit 50
We the label for sure!
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cause we gonna fuck around and steal your paper
Obie D-Tweezy G-Unit 50
We gonna kill your fuckin' label for sure!
Shady in the place to be see
And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right!
Still watch what you say to me punk
Cause I'm off probation in less than six months 
Haha Shady Records
Still Aftermath lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I've got a riddle whatís little and talks big
With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle
Thatíll do anything to throw dirt on my name
If it means walking the whole Mediterranean
Is he an Albanian Armenian Iranian Tazmanian
No it's Dave Raymond and oh Osorio
So sorry whoa but that was a long time ago
When I was just Joe Shmo rapping in Joe Blowís basement
I apologized foí it before so
Either accept it or you donít
And letís move on if I ain't shown that Iíve grown
Then get the bone keep licking these nuts
You industry mutts keep walking around sniffing each otherís butts
Or should I say asses?
What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses?
The question I ask is..
How can I explain this?
How can I swing this in English language?
If I switch to slang and turn mayn to mayn
Do I do it in vain or simply to entertain?
Am I being real or am I being fake
Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine
Or am I caught up in this hot water
Woady on my daughter I told you I love this culture
Donít let em insult ya Iíma tell you one more ëgain
This is the environment that I was brought up ëin
But every now and ëthen I use my ëpen
To get rid of some frustration or should I say shon
Is it just another one of my subliminal ways of racism?
Your face is numb youíre stunned you look as cold
Like that of a man whoís 70 some years old
And it only gets colder which is why I understand
I canít be mad at a forty four year old fan
With a chip on his shoulder
Who only owns half of a magazine and the only way to have it seen
Is to put me on the front of it again
Only thing that makes him grin is to see me frown
Papa canít stand me papa needs to take his medication and sit the *** down
In his new chair that goes round and round
That he bought from new money in his bank account
That I get him every issue when the thang comes out
Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out
And let his black side arm wrestle his white side
Yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide
He might find someone dumb enough who might ride
But ain't nobody over here buying two white guys
Disguised as pro-black thereís no slack for a Hartford college grad
In a fitted hat and a hunch back standing by the clearance coat rack
In some old slacks and some RSO throwbacks lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Let it go
Gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time Your time Your time.
Let it go
You gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time Your time Your time
Have you ever loved someone so much
you'd give an arm for.
Not the expression no literally give an arm for.
When they know they're your heart
And you know you are there armor.
And you would destroy anyone that would try to harm her.
But what happens when karma
Turns right around and bites you.
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you
What happens when you become the main source of the pain
'Daddy look what I made' 
'Daddy's gotta go catch a plane'
'Daddy wheres mommy
I cant find mommy where is she.?'
'I don't know go play Hailie baby your daddy's busy'
Daddy's writing a song
this song ain't gon' write itself
I'll give you one underdog
and you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song
and tell her you lover her.
And put hands on her mother
who's a spittin' image of her.
Thats slim shady
yeah baby slim shady's crazy
shady made me but tonight
shadys rock-a-by-baby.
Let it go
Gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time Your time Your time.
Let it go
You gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time Your time Your time.
I'm too attached
my heart wont let me fall back.
I got it bad thats what you can call that
When I see you in the streets
thats the worse for me
Used to love the little things you did
thats what works for me.
Its too major
don't see you on my pager
Know what you doing where you at or can I see you later?
The fellas tellin me 'just let her go bow'
believe me I'm tryin man I just don't know how
I be in all the top spots
leaving with all the hot shots
knowing they just want me cause I'm in the 'top spot'
Thats not poppin' and my brain ain't stoppin
thinkin  who she with or where she goin
is she club hoppin'.?
I never had this kind of problem in my life
this is the first time dealin with this kind of fight.
its every night and every flight 
and everytime you in my sight 
damn this ain't even right cause..
Let it go
Gotta let it go.
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time You time Your time.
Let it go
You gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time Your time Your time.
I keep havin this dream
I'm pushin hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming
she don't want me to sing.
'your making mommy cry why why is mommy crying'
'baby daddy ain't leaving no more'
'daddy your lyin you always say that
you always say this is the last time
but you ain't leavin no more daddy your mine'
She's piling boxes infront of the door
tryin to block it
'daddy please daddy don't leave daddy no stop it'
Goes into her pocket
pulls out a tiny necklace locket
its got a picture.
'this will keep you safe daddy take it witcha'
I look up
its just me standin in the mirror
These fuckin walls must be talkin cause man I can hear em
Their sayin you got one more chance to do right
and its tonight
now go out there and show em that you love em
before its too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
it turns to a stage there gone
and the spotlight is on.
Let it go
Gotta let it go
keep living your life cause its your time.
Your time Your time Your time
Let it go
You gotta let it go
Keep living your life cause its your time
Your time Your time lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Down down down down down down down down down down!
OK..
Guess who's back?
Back again
Shady's back
Tell a friend
Whaaaaaaaa
Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor
Alright stop! Pajama time
Come here little kiddies on my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap?
And I don't mean rap as in a new case of child investigation accusation
No worries papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise?
I done touched on everything but little boys
That's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God dip do a little slide
Bend down touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bunghole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know who'd hear it?
Give a little  it's OK! 
Oops my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
Just lose it
Go crazy
Oh baby
Oh baby baby
Well it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way to Sunday
Maybe 'til Monday I dunno what day
Everyday's just a holiday
Crusin' on the freeway
Feelin' kinda breezy
Got the top down lettin' my hair blow
I dunno where I'm goin'
All I know is when I get there
Someone's gonna touch my body
Excuse me miss I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair?
Spit on me maybe gouge my eyes out? 
Now what's your name girl?
What's your sign?
 "Man you must be up out your mind."
DRE! 
Beer goggles! Blind!
I'm just tryna unwind now I'm
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
Just lose it
Go crazy
Oh baby
Oh baby baby
It's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was running butt-naked
Down the street screaming
Well I'm sorry I don't remember
All I know is this much
I'm not guilty
They said "Save it boy we gotcha you on tape yellin' at an old lady to 'Touch My Body!'"
Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real intense no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Snap back to reality
Look it's B.Rabbit!
Yo you signed me up to battle!?
I'm a grown man!
Chubba chubba chubba chubba chubba chubbie
I don't have any lines to go right here so chubba teletubbie!
Fella's  fella's 
Grab you left nut make your right one jealous 
Black girls
White girls
Skinny girls
Fat girls
Tall girls
Small girls
I'm callin' all girls
Everyone report to the dance floor
It's your chance for a little romance or
Butt squeezin' it's the season
Just go 
It's so appeasin'
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world
Alright now lose it
Just lose it
Go crazy
Oh baby
Oh baby baby
UmMmMmm touch my body
UmMmMmm touch my body
Ooh boy just touch my body
I mean girl lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Are we supposed to shut up or talk...I'll cut your butt up and walk...
Around with my ass showing all over the fuckin town
....Then You get done up in chalk
Yo....
We ready...we ready .. we ready.. we ready ?
Ready to hold it steady....Speakin of hold it steady....
You can hold my nuts steady and then....
I can stick my dick in you like a machette...If you're a girl...
If you're a girl then you're my world...And I will kill anybody...
That means... you her or him
It doesnt matter cuz I'm Eminem
And I'm Slim...I'm also slim and your future's Whim
Ha ha....don't stop
D-12 y'all...yea we bust it off the top
We get in that ass Preparation-H style
Knock more boots than that group H-Town 
Everybody tryina tell us to wait now
You look dumb as fuck...Like Puffy in his video on that breakdown 
Tryin to dance around
How the fuck it feel lock in hand set now
Sever your style .. Divide and Parish
Part ish...when my cart is bustin thru this...
Wassup to Bizzare Kid
Targets get hit and liftoff
Here it is we bout to rip off
Lick shots...no time...we gettin dick snot
Emzy...
Speakin of lift off....
I'm blastin off...your ass is soft...so I'm startin to jack off
Cuz I'm so horny...and your lyrics are so corny
That they bore me and I woke up too late this morning
Or too early...wait a minute there goes Shirley...
The girly I fucked last year when her hair was curly 
Couldnt remember it cuz I was Infinite
And I met ken Kaniff in Connecticut
He said his predicits and pronouns and wanted to throw down
And he said oAUI like youoAY...and then he walked up and said oAU let me snake bite
youoAY
And I said hell no...kicked him with my shell toe...
Gave him a elbow...Ayo Proof ...go....
Yo it's the D to the 1 - 2
What you wanna get done to...
Your chest plate...eradicate
Get your flesh ate...easily done..Here it is...
Freestyle...no need to write shit...cuz when we write shit
Y'all like to bite shit...that why street light up when we write stuff
It's time to be the champions at this...it's D-12
1-2 True crew...Slim Shady and Big proof
Knockin over Igloos in Alaska when we blast ya
A massacre creator lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die
I can hear the drummer drumming
And the trumpets someone's tryna summon someone I know somethin's coming
But I'm runnin' from it to be standing at the summit
And plummet how come it wasn't what I thought it was
Was it too good to be true?
Have nothin' get it all but too much of it
Then lose it again did I swallow hallucinogens
Cause if not where the hell did it go?
Cause here I sit in Luciferís den by the dutch oven
Just choosing to sin
Even if it means I'm sellin' my soul just to be the undisputed again
Do whatever I gotta do just to win
Cause I got this motherfuckin' cloud over my head
Crown around it thorns on it
Cracks in it bet you morons didn't think I'd be back did ya?
How 'bout that Iím somehow now back to the underdog
But no matter how loud that I bark this sport is somethin' I never bow-out at
I complain about the game I shout and I pout it's a love-hate
But I found out that I can move a mountain of doubt
Even when you bitches are countin' me out and I appear to be down for the count
Only time I ever been out and about
Is drivin' around town with my fuckin' whereabouts in a doubt
Cause I been lost tryna think of what I did to get here but I'm not a quitter
Gotta get up give it all I got or give up
Spit on shit on stepped on but kept goin'
I'm tryna be headstrong but it feels like I slept on my neck wrong
Cause you're moving onto the next but is the respect gone?
Cause someone told me that
Don't give me that sob story liar don't preach to the choir
You ain't never even had to reach in the fire to dig deep
Nobody ever handed me shit in life not even a flyer
Wouldn't even take shit into consideration
Obliterate anyone in the way
I think I see why a lot of rappers get on these features and try to show out on a track with me
But it'd actually have to be a fuckin' blow-out to get me to re-tire
Tell these new artists that kings never die
I know shit has changed in this age fuck a Twitter page
Did it just say I've been upstaged?
Why am I online? It's driving me crazy
I'm ridin' shotgun tryna get a gauge
On what's hot but I'm not one to conform
But as days pass in this shit
And opinions sway I can hear 'em say
If I stay passionate maybe I can stage a miraculous
Comeback as if I went away
But detractors just say so much for the Renegade
Someone's gonna make me blow my composure
Here I go again center stage and I feel like I'm in a cage
They so want a champion to fall
It's no wonder why I laugh at 'em cause why can't we win 'em all?
So fuck what these cynics say
 just goes ta show that when my back's against the wall
And I'm under a tack again that I'll act as if I'm 'posed ta
With this pent up rage cause all these plaques in my office
On the floor stacked against the door
Are they just metaphors for the odds of me comin' back again?
Cause all the accomplishments accolades awards
And trophies just don't mean jack anymore
If I'm here today and gone tomorrow
And I'm not gonna be
Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die
I want it I'm comin' to get it
So you son of a bitches don't duck youíre gonna get Riddick Boweíd
Critics'll end up in critical think your shit is dope all you're gonna get is smoked
And I'm not stopping 'til I'm on top again all alone and on a throne
Like a token of respect or a homage poem or an ode I've been owed
Tossed in the air by my own arm and launched so hard it broke my collarbone
And when it's my time to go I'm still not leaving
Stop for no one I don't know but I've been told an obstacle that
Blocks your road knock it over time to go for that pot of gold cause
They say kings never die
Just ask Jam Master Jay
They just grow wings and they fly
So hands up reach for the sky
Try to hold and prolong these moments
Cause in a blink of an eye
They'll be over
Tryna secure your legacy like Shakur
And ensure nobody's ever gonna be what you were
So before you're leavin' this Earth
You want people to feel the fury of a pure evil cerebral berserk
Deacon of words syllable genius at work
Plus I'm thinkin' that they're mistakin' my kindness for weakness kill 'em with meanness
I went from powdered milk and Farina
To flippin' burgers on the grill for some peanuts
From Gilbert's to arenas call me Gilbert Arenas still appeal to the dreamers
I made it to the silverscreen but Rocky's still what the theme is
Khalil on the beat cause makin' the beat ainít the same feelin' to me as killin' the beat is
Or fulfillin' to me is what fillin' a seat is
It's that  Thirstin' Howl
Common underground Diamond D Outsidaz
Stomach growl throbbin' hunger out-rhymin' everyone
God just give me one shot I swear that I won't let you down
I'mma be around forever-and-a-day lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I know there's something in the wake of your smile
I get a notion from the look in your eyes yeah
We've built a love but that love falls apart
A little piece of heaven turns to dark
Listen to your heart
There's a certain mystique when I speak
that you notice that it's sorta unique
cause you know it's me my poetry's deep
and I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat
you can't sit still it's like tryin to smoke crack
and go to sleep I'm strapped
just knowing any minute I could snap
I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped
I bully these rappers so bad lyrically
it ain't even funny I ain't even hungry
it ain't even money you can't pay me enough
for you to play me it's cockamamie
you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady
my noodle is cockadoodle my clocks cuckoo
I got screws loose yeahhh the whole kitten-kaboodle
I'm just brutal. It's no rumor I'm numero uno assume it
there's no humor in it no more you know
I'm rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag
you need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme and
Wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dying
But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game you call names and you ain't just rapping
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happening
Me and Dre had sat with him kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't going to go after him
Until Ja started yapping in magazines how he stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash him mash him and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction
Some receptionist at the Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothing?
I remember back one year when daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck 'em under the tree and said some of 'em were from me
Cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night crying
Cause daddy felt like a bum lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Don't stop
Don't stop
Yeah Bad and Evil is 
We bout to get into a tail of gunner that details the dungeon
This is the pale moon illuminates the hail and thundering
Oh once again where I fail from blundering
Shady lifted his wing than I fell from under it
Now I'm freefallin'
My career is gone and the weed callin'
Regardless of who's fault I was b-ballin'
God bubble wrapped me and dropped me on top of the Earth
Marshall double backed and got me from on top of the Hearse
I'm alive nigga Justin T ain't got nothing on me
Cause I done cried Mary J Blige rivers
I realized that God's with us as soon as I decided to put that bottle down and pick up my tie bridges
The writings on the wall since niggas seen me at the baseball game with Shady and Jay-Z
Suddenly everybody calls
While I throw up this message on the star
When them bottles stop poppin'
And them dollars start stopping
Do what you did to get it and dont stop 
I made a promise to my momma
I'mma out live her
How can I be a quitter when haters dont stop 
I'm living proof nigga
Its pretty safe to say
God giveth and God taketh away
Its the Worldwide American way
I'm living proof nigga
Your body language is sayin' your confidence is gone
Well pick ya ass up lil homie come on
You just gone sit there and take it or make em suck it
Tell em where to shove it straight up you gon' make love to the world or you gon' fuck it?
The last time the light kicked me in the ass
I pulled down it's pants and put a foot up its ass
Man what a catastrophy it'd be for me to be a bitch ass pussy
And not open a can of whoop ass
Did ya piss ass whoop me will be the day I say I aint poop
Shit the day that I dont straight shoot
I'll drop out of my anti-women hate group
Say I'm a sissy faggot record it play it back and put it on straight loop
You haters look like you ate a grape fruit
You see me climbing back on that wagon
Got my swagga back I was dragging hop back on it
Grab the reigns on that bastard and came back on em
Without remorse man
Man of course I'm a one trick pony
Cause I'll be screaming on these whores till I'm hoarse!
Nah I aint fading yet
I'd rather stay and rap
I mighta made a deck
I find excitement in wondering what I'ma write next
So I dont stay in debt
Me broke
You might aswell cut the embryo out my momma and play catch with the baby
With AK's with baby bayonet's
I'ma get rich or I'mma die trying
Thats why its either kill or be killed
So call me suicide homocide Ryan
Theres a bomb inside my head
I'ma live wire I am on the edge
Teetering on it like I tore the iron mike
Get on a nut like a tyre iron
I have no desire stopping so why would I drop and roll
That's how much on fire I am
Rappers are fun and I'm the time cause I'm just flying by 'em
Man I'm laughing at 'em the entire time why am I up?
Cause tribulations I have triumphed bitch I'm fired up
So it's time for me to slit your fucking lighter lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Look if you had one shot or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted-One moment
Would you capture it or just let it slip?
His palms are sweaty knees weak arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already mom's spaghetti
He's nervous but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs
but he keeps on forgettin what he wrote down
the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth but the words won't come out
He's choking now everybody's joking now
The clock's run out time's up over bloah!
Snap back to reality Oh there goes gravity
Oh there goes Rabbit he choked
He's so mad but he won't give up that
Easy no
He won't have it he knows his whole back's to these ropes
It don't matter he's dope
He knows that but he's broke
He's so stagnant that he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo
This this whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't
My God my tourniquet
return to me salvation
my God my tourniquet
return to me salvation 
The soul's escaping through this hole that it's gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king as we move toward a new world order
A normal life is boring but superstardom's close to post mortem
It only grows harder only grows hotter
He blows us all over these hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows he's know as the globetrotter
Lonely roads God only knows
He's grown farther from home he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water
His hoes don't want him no more he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds
I suppose it's old partner but the beat goes on
Da da dum da dum
My God my tourniquet
return to me salvation
my God my tourniquet
return to me salvation 
No more games I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfucking roof off like 2 dogs caged
I was playing in the beginning the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhyming and stepwritin the next cypher
Best believe somebody's paying the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified by the fact
That I can't get by with my 9 to 5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
Cause man these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie there's no Mekhi Phifer this is my life
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder
Trying to feed and water my seed plus
Teeter totter caught up between being a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama's screaming on and
Too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot another day of monotony
Has gotten me to the point I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfucking option failure's not
Mom I love you lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Obie Trice 50 Cent)
You don't see me in the hood
It's cause I'm doing this man
Niggas I'm still grinding 
I'm still hearing those sirens
I'm still getting chased by those lights
Only the light's mine and my mic's on
And my time is none because I'm writing more
And I ain't here to meet a soul in this buisness
I'm here to eat speak until these hoes feel this 
and I can't let y'all derail me man 
I got young Kobe homie you gotta let go of Obie
cause Obie be back 
We got them craps going on
and that yak going on
soon as a nigga touch down back from tourin'
It's whateva put that on the chedda man
but in the meantime it's Jimmy Ivene time
chase cheese rhyme till my voice give out
this is it my nigga this what we boast about
Now I'm here so shut your motherfuckin mouth
And show me love bitch..
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life 
I wanna hold you in the morning 
hold you through the night 
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life (We wanna love alcohol we wanna love guns)
I wanna hold you in the morning 
hold you through the night..  
There's a certain mystique when I speak
that you notice that it's sorta unique
cause you know it's me my poetry's deep
and I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat
you can't sit still it's like tryin to smoke crack
and go to sleep I'm strapped
just knowing any minute I could snap
I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped
I bully these rappers so bad lyrically
it ain't even funny I ain't even hungry
it ain't even money you can't pay me enough
for you to play me it's cockamamie
you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady
my noodle is cockadoodle my clocks cuckoo
I got screws loose yeahhh the whole kitten-kaboodle
I'm just brutal. It's no rumor I'm numero uno assume it
there's no humor in it no more you know
I'm rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag
you need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass
you better love me bitch
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life
I wanna hold you in the morning
hold you through the night
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life
I wanna hold you in the morning
hold you through the night
my boyz is crazy in the hood they holla my name
if it ain't about the flow
it's about the stones and the chain
if I was you I'd love me too
I roll like a bus 9-11 pulse same color as cranberry sauce
I ain't gonna front I thought R-Kelly was tha shit
then we find out he fucking round with bow wow bitch
niggas eatin popcorn right rewinding the tape
now shorty momma in the precinct hollerin rape
i'm convinced man something really wrong with these hoes
I thought Lil' Kim was hot then she start fucking with her nose 
used to listen to Lauren Hill and tap my feet
then the bitch put out a CD that didn't have no beats 
that boy D'Angelo he determined not to fail
that nigga went butt-ass for his record to sell
my back shot to help Ashanti hit them high notes
and Big Ben taught Charlie B-more to deepthroat
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life
I wanna hold you in the morning (I luv'a burnish the monies the bunnies)
hold you through the night(I just wanna hold you
I just wanna love you for the rest of my life I wanna hold you in the morning lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
They ask me am I ok
They ask me if I'm happy
Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me
Or am I just a little snappy
And they genuinely care
Doody most of my life its just been me and you there
And I continuosly stare at pictures of you
I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
Yeah I say it now and you can't hear me
What the fuck good does that do me now
But somehow I know you're near me in presence
Oh I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them
Two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
And dawg you'll never believe this
But Sharonda actually talks to me now
Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces
Man how you touch so many fucking lives and just leave us
They say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
If it's true how the fuck am I supposed to get over you
Difficult as it sounds...
I See No Man Left In Them Mirror
Life Seems So Hard
I Feel Just To Give Up
I Just Wanna Get On With My Life
But Its To Difficult
I Just Spend My Day Drowning
In Sorrow
Alone With My Thoughts
I Ain't Got Time To Borrow
I Just Wanna Get On With My Life
But Its To Difficult
Doody that's what we call each other
I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us
We was always brothers
Never thought about each others' skin colours
Til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
It was like 90 degrees I was catching a sun burn
Tryna walk under the trees
Just to give me some comfort
I'm moaning I just wanna get home
When I look over and your shirt is off
I'm like you gonna fry and like
"No I won't I'm black stupid
And black people they got melatonin
In their skin we don't burn"
Meanwhile my face is glowing and I felt
Like I'm on fire
And the entire time you're just laughing at me
And snapping at me with your shirt bastard
And I still have to get you back for that shit
And by the way them playboy rings
My mother stole from you
Well Nate finally got em back
Shit it must have been at least 16 years ago
Well I put em in your cask-ahhh
Moving past it it still ain't registered yet
But you can bet your legacy they'll never forget
The motor city motown
Hip hop vet hip hop shop dreads
It don't stop there
Yeah as difficult as it sounds...
I See No Man Left In Them Mirror
Life Seems So Hard
I Feel Just To Give Up
I Just Wanna Get On With My Life
But Its To Difficult
I Just Spend My Day Drowning
In Sorrow
Alone With My Thoughts
I Ain't Got Time To Borrow
I Just Wanna Get On With My Life
But Its To Difficult
And this may sound a little strange but I'mma tell it
I found that jacket that you left at my wedding
And I picked it up to smell it
I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass
And hang it up in the hallway so I can always look at it
And as for all of me and D12 we feel like fuck rap
It feels like our General just fucking died in our lap
We shut off all our pages
All our cell numbers has changed
Our two-ways are in the trash
So some cats will have to find a new way
And I know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today
But the truth is there all still here and you ain't
Purple Gang you gotta keep pressing on
Don't ever give up the dream dawg
I got love for you all
And Doody it's true you bought people together who never
Woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you
You were the peacemaker Doody
I know sometimes you were moody
But you hated confrontation
And truly hated the feuding
But you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping
If it had to happen it had to happen
Believe me I know you're the one who taught me to
Throw them balls back on Dresden
From making cars to paintballing
Getting arrested
To sitting across from each other in cells laughing and jesting
They tried to hit us for 5 years for that no question
I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up
Didn't show up for court
So we got off on a technicality left sweating
Me you and what's his face
I forgot his fucking name
Shame he even came to your funeral
He betrayed our team
And if I see him again I'mma punch him in the fucking face
And that's on Hallie Jade lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
It's murder she wrote 
It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked 
Left the keys in the van with a gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan if a citizen bystands
the shit is in my hands here's yo' lifespan
And for what yo' life's worth this money is twice than
Grab a couple grand and lamp in Iceland
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin
Hurry up with the cash bitch I got a ride waitin
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin
I want the whole pie I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
or gets your description and sketches ya
The connection was the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
Cause I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell and hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
money from the safe in the back stepped in wavin the Mac
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
This bitch tried escapin the jack
Grabbed her by the throat it's murder she wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked
But I slammed her on her back til her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin 
But I'm already wanted for sellin ki's
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots they bust back
Hit be square in the chest wasn't wearin a vest
Left the house pullin out the drive backin out
Blew the back end out this lady's Jag started blackin out
Pulled the Mac-10 out stuck it in her face
Shut your yackin mouth 'fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair smacked her up
Thinkin fuck it mug her while you're there jacked her up
Stole her car made a profit
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl in  did
Jetted off kid stole the whip now I'm a criminal
Drove it through somebody's yard dove into they swimmin pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin: "Son go in and call the police
Tell em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin like they never seen nobody hit a ;ick before
Smashed the window grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin kids on tricycles
and collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes cheese eggs milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped must-a been some dumb luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I musta dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hi! My name is..  My name is.. 
My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady
Hi! My name is..  My name is.. 
My name is.. {scratches} Slim Shady
Ahem.. excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?
Hi kids! Do you like violence? 
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? 
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? 
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? 
My brain's dead weight I'm tryin to get my head straight
but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate 
And Dr. Dre said 
Uh-uhhh! 
Well since age twelve I've felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady wait a minute that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a fuck God sent me to piss the world off!
My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high
The only problem was my English teacher was a guy
I smacked him in his face with an eraser chased him with a stapler
and stapled his nuts to a stack of paper 
Walked in the strip club had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender then stuck my dick in the tip cup 
Extraterrestrial killin pedestrians
Rapin lesbians while they screamin: 
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her 
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans 
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave thanks for the support ASSHOLE!'
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! 
Dr. Dre don't just stand there OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave it's too scary to die
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka -- dare me to drive? 
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk 
I spit when I talk I'll fuck anything that walks 
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
HOW YOU GONNA BREAST FEED ME MOM?  YOU AIN'T GOT NO TITS! 
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulleproof vest on and shoot myself in the head 
I'm steamin mad 
And by the way when you see my dad? 
Tell him that I slit his throat lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Hi! My name is..  My name is.. 
My name is..  Slim Shady
Hi! My name is..  My name is.. 
My name is..  Slim Shady
Ahem.. excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?
Hi kids! Do you like Primus? 
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? 
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did?
Try {'cid} and get messed up worse that my life is?
My brain's dead weight I'm tryin to get my head straight
but I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate
And Dr. Dre said 
Uh-uhhh! 
Well since age twelve I've felt like a caged elf
who stayed to himself in one space chasin his tail 
Got ticked off and ripped Pamela Lee's lips off
Kissed em and said 
I'm bout to pass out and crash and fall in the grass
faster than a fat man who sat down too fast
C'mere lady! (Shady wait a minute that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a damn Dre sent me to tick the world off!
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high 
Thanks a lot.. next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser chased him with a stapler
and told him to change the grade on the paper 
Walked in the strip club had my jacket zipped up
Served the bartender then walked out with a tip cup
Extraterrestrial runnin over pedestrians
in a spaceship while they're screamin at me: 
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her 
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
and try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans 
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave thanks for the support ASSHOLE!'
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! 
Dr. Dre don't just stand there OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave it's too scary to die
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of Kool-Aid -- dare me to drive? 
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk 
I spit when I talk lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
People got issues man
You gotta do something about that
You talking about me like you fucking know me man like
It's funny man I go to sleep and I laugh at it
Don't even bother me no more
Yeah like listen
It's times like these when I feel regret
When I gotta work for this worthless cheque that don't pay for shit
I never finished school what do you expect? Me to be cool?
Yes? No? I don't think so
Well back in school they tell me
What if I start drowning are you gonna to be there to bail me? I don't think so
So please save the talk for someone else
I feel like I should have been someone else
But damn I'm not I'm stuck in this hell spot
I fail to prevail so let my ass rot
I wish I was an abortion but I'm afraid not
A portion of my life is I'm happy I'm here
The rest is a blank spot
I think everything is going to be okay. Yeah I think not!
I hate my life I bet you hate yours too
But what's the reason for being this motherfucking miserable?
People tell you to be positive how do you take that
When shit around you is negative and can't catch a break jack
Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
Man I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold
Then in school don't you listen to them
They just pissed at you man they're just mad you're doing shit better than them
I swear you dope fuck what they think
They can all suck a dick suckers die they all fucking stink
They're shit shit don't take it personal this is the world we live in shit stays in urinals
Complex self esteem issues so they diss you to up themselves and make themselves feel special
Understand you're up there up where? up here nobody can touch you
Motherfucker you're nuts yeah
you are not a quitter
you are sicker
than most of these little skanks so stop feeling bitter
about yourself
You know these suckers ñ you're much bigger
You function on a different level you're something like a ton bigger
Your tongue is fungus your skill is humongous
You know it so fuck it don't listen to these dumb kids
Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
Man I'm sick and tired of all this shit
How could you be so cold
The world is a cold ass place man you can't quit
If you quit you might as well call yourself dead
You know what I'm saying? So keep moving don't take shit personal
Don't let it get to you
Don't let them get the best of you man
I look toward my goal so I move forward I know
If I stop now I'm proven that I'm no good and these haters win
I won't let that happen again I'm a fighter a lighter bitch
I'mma fight till I retire
I took a breath to rewired my wires
I'm Robocop back from the dead
The show don't stop till I roll over rot
I know that I'm hot I don't need people to tell me that
Not even school to hold me back and tell me that I'm a failure
I'll nail your coffin soft in your hard image
I'm starving and it is kinda crazy how I keep eating
Without taking a break and drinking a shake in between
Breast that I barely take or some water to wash down
This awful taste I wonder if anyone out there can relate
Man I'm losing any grasp I have on my fate
Cause I'm so rough soon no record deal on my plate
Half of those fuckers can't even see me
The other half wanna be me
The ones that don't know me don't know that I'm killing beats easy
Man I'm mad I can't understand it
Tell the planet to kiss my ass and
Grab a sweater and cram it damn it
Why do I feel this way
I say why do I feel this way
See I got too much weight on my shoulder blades
How much more weight can I take
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
How could you be so cold huhh huhh?
Man lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
This motherfucker man just won't shut up will you?
Talk about I owe you bitch you owe me
I'm promoting you right now
Man lets put the nail in his coffin
I dont want to be like this
I dont really want to hurt no feelins
But Im only bein real when I say nobody wants to hear their grandfather rap
Old men have heart attacks
and I dont want to be responsible for that so
Put the mic down and walk away
You can still have a little bit of dignity
I would never claim to be no Ray Benzino
an 83 year old fake Pachino
So how can he hold me over some balcony
without throwin his lower back out as soon as he goes to lift me
Please dont youl probably fall with me
and our asses will both be history
But then again youl'll finally get your wish
cuz youl be all over the street like 50 Cent
Fuckin punk pussy fuck you chump
gimme a one-on-one see if I dont fuck you up
Tryin to jump the Ruff Ryders and they cut you up
And you put Jada on a track thats how much you suck
dick in the industry swear that you in the streets hustlin
You sit behind a fuckin desk at The Source butt-kissin
and beggin motherfuckers for guest appearences
and you can even get the clearances cuz real lyricists
dont even respect you or take you serious
Its not that we dont like you we hate you - period
Talk about a mid-life crisis damn
last week you was shakin Obie Trice's hand
Now hes a busta? What the fucks with that?
Get on a track dissin us kissin 50's ass
and askin me what I know about inditements-bite me
bitch I got two cases and probation - fight me!
What do I know about standin in front of a judge like a man
ready to take whatever sentence he hands
What you know about your wife slicin her wrists
right in front of the only thing you have in this world - a little girl?
And I put that on her when this is all over
I would never try to make her a star and eat off her
I dont know shit about no shoppin rocks
But what you know about hip-hop shops rockin spots?
When your the only white boy in that bitch just rippin
pressin up your own flyers and your stickers stickin
them bitches up after spendin six hours at Kinkos
Just makin copys of your covers of cassette singles
and sell them out the trunk of your Tracer
Spendin your whole paycheck at Disc Makers
What you know about bein bullied over half your life?
Oh thats right you know what thats like your half white
Vanilla Icespill the beans and rice I'm eating you alive inside
Jesus Christ if your that much of a gangster put the mic down
You should be out killin motherfuckers right now
Kill a motherfucker dead kill'em dead bitch
Shoot'em in the fuckin head go ahead bitch
Slap my mom slap the f*ck outa her!
She cant sue you she wouldnt get a buck out of you
Cuz your broke as fuck you suck your a fuckin joke
If you was really sellin coke well then what the fuck
you stop for dummy? If you slew some crack
you'd make alot more money than you do from rap
You never had no security you'll never be famous
You'l never now what its like to be rich lifes a bitch aint it?
Raymond here let me break this shit down in lamens
terms for you just to make sure that you can understand this
and Canibus they usin too many complicated fuckin words for you
Here then let me slow it down for you
so you can understand if I say it slower:
Let it go dawg it's over
Haha
Talkin bout I have motherfuckers callin your crib
bitch you aint even got a fuckin crib
You aint even got a fuckin phone fuckin Bum
Threatened to shut me down at your little fuckin Source magazine
if I come back then you would attack me bitch you attacked me first
take it like a man and shut the fuck up
and fuck your little magazine too
I dont need your fuckin magazine I got XXL number anywayz
And yall cant stand it cuz there gettin bigger than yall
oh and by the way howed I look on the VMAs?
When you was watchin me from whatever fuckin TV you was watchin me from in Boston
The mean streets of Boston fuckin sissy
Like you got us scared in the motherfucker suck our motherfuckin dicks
Oh and for those thats dont know dont get it twisted yo lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah
I'm in a different space in my life you know
It's a real good space too
Ayo Eminem I like this song man
By the time y'all hear this Weezy probably be home
Welcome home Weezy
Reek Da Villain what up
Ayo
Let me tell y'all niggers about one of the little tough guy dreams i had the other night
Look
First I stop and then I drop and then cock another heater pop another litre from another clip
He thought he was a creature that could never never ever ever ever ever ever get his shit popped off 
When a nigger come and when a nigger front gotta give it to him good give a nigger what he wants
And if a nigger act up shoot him in the head in the face in the stomach in the foot or the heart
You don't want it homie you don't wanna start especially when mo'fucker see the gun fire spark
When I got the gun up in ya mouth I'll make a nigger gun talk 
Bush Rhymes Reek 
Imma hit him in the front homie hit him in the back
Keep on hitting that nigger in the chest cavity till the motherfucker layng down flat
Freeze motherfucker look
Trust me Imma make a nigger sit still
Anytime I gotta defend a fool nigger it don't matter what it is homie I will
Beat a nigger til you probably can't figure it out I identify the mo'fucker on the reel
Word on everything a nigger really love it don't matter who it is homie I kill
But now I'm finally waking up out of the dream and I realise that life is so beautiful
And I ain't gotta put my hand on a nigger unless it's definitely necessary otherwise it's unsuitable
Ha going through a lot of different little things that make a nigger want to go and wanna get and wanna bring a couple goons out to handle a couple situations and let em elimination all the bullshit so I can sing
Run through every city run through every state
Though we get a lot of love I love to get a lot of hate
Though the ones who will try to hate will start to love cause it's undeniable that everything I do is great even when I do it wrong Imma share it in a song and I'm questioning the words in the end all along
I guess I gotta die first return re-incarnated just to really see any other form
Until that time Imma sit and shine while I sit here with the grime give me credit when it's mine 'fore I dent it with a 9 millimeter see the sign and the heater then I'm giving all my people get in line now 
Yeah
For the one's that hated tried to stop my growth from the light from a ball Imma fight homie grudge it's a Kanye song see the way I make a mother fucker don't know love
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just (don't hurt me don't hurt me no more)
That's right bitch: and I don't need you don't want to see you
Bitch you get 
You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around
I don't need you 
You 
That's right and I don't need you don't want to see you
You get 
Bitch you get 
And I don't need you
Get em
I'm alive again
More alive than I have been in my whole entire life
I can see these people's ears perk up as I begin
To spaz with the pen I'm a little bit sicker than most
Shit's gonna get thick again
They say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again
Caution to the wind complete freedom
Look at these rappers how I treat them
So why the fuck would I join them when I beat them
They call me a freak because
I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat them
Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him?
Snatch the mic from him bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute
Yeah that rap was tight
But I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and um
Scribble out them rhymes you were going to spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
In the place all the way to the parking lot fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd
You can see the sparks from hot metal
Cold-hearted from the day I Bogarted the game
I so started to rock fellow
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow
Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not going to stop
I'm standing on my Monopoly board
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop
Til my hip don't hop anymore
When you so good that you can't say it
Because it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore
People just get sick cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore
And you can never break my stride
You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow
You'll never take my pride
Killing the flow slow venom and the opponent
Is getting no mercy mark my words
Ain't letting up relentless
I smell blood I don't give a fuck: keep giving them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just 
That's right it 
I don't need ya 
Don't wanna see ya 
Bitch you get no 
You showed me nothin' but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around 
Don't hurt me 
You don't hurt me  no more
 no more
Bitch you get no love  no love  no love 
No love
Bitch you get no love  no love  lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
No matter what people say
I'm gonna keep rapping this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gonna keep doing my thing
I'm almost as famous as fat bald men
Decided to write songs to teach Musketeers to sing
I stick Britney Spears in a room full of mirrors
So she gets fifty years of bad luck 
Causing terror to Christina Aguilera
When I grab her by the hair and drag her across the Sahara
Beware of this rap terrorist with a therapist
With a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled in his pants
Gotta have it I hold Tylenol in his hands
'til it melts in his fucking palms and dissolves in his glands
The fool who visit the playground
With two biscuits to lay down the school district
Get pistol whipped with a Mauseburg
With a pistol grip and fed pitbulls shit
Sniff glue sticks like I give two shits
If I get too rich I just get sued
Yo I leave with no injure after I blow four in you
One handstand on top of your ninja
Crash it  Doc stir the madness
'til you all outta work like Tony Atlas
Walking cans in the laundry basket
America's most with the army after us
Fuck flossing we take what's yours
A low fifteen like a ace in four
I'm outta work but Doc laid them off
(shit the power's out)
The tape is off
Yo you targeted from arsonists
Papermate pens filled with arsenic
I got hoes that don't know what Prada is
Doc could shape up touch your barber miss
Betty you with a bloody blade
I turn rap camps into Crystal Lake
Fuck bitches face is what I'm gonna do
'Cause that what white boy Tano do
So how is everybody doing tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
'Cause uh we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!!
Yo so how is everybody feeling tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight
'Cause uh we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump... Off the Wall!!
No matter what people say
I'm gonna keep rapping this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gonna keep doing my thing
Yo you could buy Jaz spittin' hospital son admit it
Rip your lips off kiss my ass with it
Slap bitches got Marshall Maths 
Weed X and the acid tabs did it
I'm  with no 
Doc Rob  when the  come
My barrel hang out the Camaro
Aimed at the nose of them hoes it's hard to breathe from
Flash the gat your town bogardin'
Your wallet your chain the main target
Beef is like cold engine don't start it
Bust in the air and hit a airplane pilot
We clowned you rap surround sounds around you
From ten speed and brown shoe
Doc and Eminem cock the M & M
Blood flows with 2Pacalypse and them
It's like Funk Doctor meets the punk rocker
Got the drugs stopped inside the lunch box 
Pop junk like I just got jumped
Popped the trunk and pulled out the shotgun pump
Knock wood it's all good thank God for Vodka
'Cause with my luck I'll probably get shot by a stalker
Probably got a fanatic waiting upstairs in the attic
With an automatic calling me up there
My man Stan with a gat in his hand
Staking my house out in a tan tinted Sedan
He pull your mouth out 'til you can't finish a damn
Ham sandwich or your can spinach and Spam
'til you gotta sip through a straw shoplifted a mall
Pictures of me on my mom's living room wall
Hey ma maybe I'll give you a call
Sike you fucking bitch suck a dick and two balls
I'm giving you all my job descript'
which is to piss bitches and priest off with this
Pop more pills than police officers
Arrive at the scene and pull me off of Kim
Teeth off my dick hands off my balls
But you all can kiss my ass pants off and all
'Cause I'm so goddamn off the wall
I might as well as be a painting smashed on the floor
So how is everybody feeling tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight
Cause uh we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!
So how's everybody doing tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
Cause uh lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Oh no whatís happening to my brain
I canít believe this is happening again
Lava out my lips I flips
Wake up think I have a cramp
Iím trying to shove the lava lamp up my fatherís ass
I think Iím out of gas man
I think I need another mask
Iíd ask my mother but I think sheís laughing at the plants
A half a gram of graham crackers and some Van de Kampís
I think Iíll eat some Ambiens like theyíre candied yams
Cut a couple cadavers up and have a little snack
Abrafuckingcadabra motherfucker look whoís back
Just like a pendulum Satanís pentagram swings
I accidentally dented it and bent the damn thing
Shit I think I might have did it when I was dancing
While I was chopping one of my legs off and pulled a hamstring
First I Re-up then I Relapse
Go to rehab then I Detox after I see Doc
And Iíll be back with the sequel repeat the cycle
Cause I react like the She-Hulk when I see Nyquil
Oh no
Here we go again
When itís going to end
Where did it begin
Maybe way back when
Into the well baby Jessica fell
She may have wetted herself
Quit playing get her some help
Mary Kay Letourneau sending me letters from jail
Every day in journals saying how
She wanted to smother me in lettuce and mayo
Iím the medicine man
My medical marijuana was prescribed by a doctor
Shove a typewriter up her
Perez Hiltonís ass shit almost forgot that
Heís always shoving something up his ass so why not that?
And f-ck it while Iím venting letís shove a vending machine
Up his rear end when heís bending over pretending that he
Didnít say anything that would be offending to me
Stick his head in a blender begin blending in G
Where should I put the pink sissy with the fluffy hair?
Put him under the stairs? People are already under there
Hmm I wonder where. Wait I think the cubpoardís bare
Stuff him up in the tupperware and shove him up in there
Vicodinís like a nitrogen hydrogen vitamin
I bite into five and then I get high as a kite again
I like it when I get in my zone on the mic again
Who am I kidding? I couldnít quit this shit if my life depends
I relapsed twice after I came outta Brighton then
Yeah rehabís nice I had my name up in lights again
You see thatís why I canít decipher what life Iím in
I might pull a knife on your wife and slice her and dice her then
It sounds so enticing isnít it nice when Iím hype again?
Iím nice when Iím like this no time to write just type it in
If I could get my pen to slow down whatíd I write just then?
Man Iím about to hyperventilate I just have hyper-tension
I have the type of mental state you couldnít comprehend
Unusually stupid of you for you to think Iím your friend
I usually do what I do and suffer no consequence
I offer no mercy lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Here's the story of a little boy.
Growin' up in a suburban home
Trying to cope with everyday life
Who lives in a little house
That was built in the middle of the street.
"Hey Mom!
Tupac's on the juke box
so what he shot two cops
and raped a little girl
while two dudes watched"
"Nuh-uh! They were tryin' to frame him
You wouldn't have Two Pack Shaker"
"No! That ain't how you say his name mum!
You're so lame
Don't you know anything?"
"Yeah!
I know that you'll probably go
and join in a gang"
"Yeah right. I'm out
Where's my fuckin' walkman at?"
"Shut up bitch!"
Well
Slammed the door and I'm out
Now what?
It's probably warm in the house.
Fuck I forgot my jacket
forgot it was winter.
I'm gettin' thinner
I'm hungry.
Is Mom cookin' dinner?
"Mom!
Let me back in!
I forgot my coat.
Mom come on I'm not playin'
It's cold!
Alright sorry.
I need a jacket
Mom look
My Tupac tape
I just cracked it
Ma please let me back in
It is Two Pack Shaker
I just asked him."
I'm freezin' 
I'm sneezin'
I'm breathin' too much cold air
I'm wheezin'
"I ain't did nothin'
I didnít say "I'm leavin'"
I said "I'm goin' on the front porch to get somethin'""
"Alright here.
Take your damn coat and leave"
"Fine I'll leave!
Mom! You cut off the sleeves!"
Our house
In the middle of the street.
One two three
My teacher's two faced
She went to lower my school grades
Since Last Tuesday
I had a toothache
from kool-aid
So Mom kicked me out 
And all i had in my suitcase
Was one shoelace
A tube sock
and a tube of toothpaste
Sometimes
It was cool
"cause I could go to a friend's
Crash there
Fool around and just skip school.
But other times
I'd rather just be home
In my own room alone
BEAT my shit and nobody would know
My little brother sucked on a bottle
'Til he was six
So I'd hide it inside the couch
And say "I don't know where it is"
But as soon as Mom found it
I would either be grounded
or kicked out the house
a thousand weeks.
and still countin'
Even when I was underage
Mom was tellin' cops
I was tryin' to run away
I told her
"Someday bitch you're gonna pay"
Please Mom Please Mom Please Mom
I wanna stay 
My brother's incoherint
Mom's a single parent
Who ain't carin'
Starin' through me
Like I'm transparent
Made it clear
That I was just there
to run an errands
Told her friends
I was a son from her last marriage
Sent me up to the little corner store
with a little note
"Please sell my step-son
Some cigarettes so I can smoke"
One time
I tried to fake sick
To get attention
Back-fired
Mom sent me to school
With a vengence
My life's the worst thing that could ever happen to me
I go to class
and every teacher's always laughin' at me
And Mom says white rappers are laughed at.
Not only that
She heard me upstairs
I can't rap
and I'm stupid
I never make an average
of a B+
I need to sit on my ass and sue people
Like she does
One time I got food poison
From a hot dog
Mom sued and got $2000
From Ballpark
"Hey Ma. You got a dollar?"
"I don't think so.
Now keep an eye on your brother
I'm goin' to bingo."
"But Mom. You said you were broke."
"Who said?
You got your ears messed up lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I would never say ëOh itís impossibleí
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal
Unstoppable unpoppable thought bubbles
Untoppable thoughts fuckin' juggernaut that'll
Stomp you in the verse obstacles I'm drawn to 'em
When the going got rough
Some of what I done fought through was the worst little sissy
Who the fuck taught you how to persevere?
There ain't no situation that you ever had to respond to that's adverse
The messiest thing you've ever gone through was your purse
Yeah I don't try like hell then I might as well
Hang it up like a shelf gotta keep growin' with it evolve
Cause you can keep throwin' shit at the wall
But you're gonna find that nothing's gonna stick until you apply yourself
Time to slip in that zone till' I find myself
Inside the realm of the unknown and boldly go
Into waters where nobody else has gone before
Or willing to go uncharted feeling is so
Bomb I'm feelin' myself I'm a giant
Sometimes I gotta remind myself that I am...
I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I would never say ëOh itís impossibleí
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal
Let me self-empower you
When you're down and they're tryin' to clown the fuck out of you
And you feel like you're runnin' out of fuel
I'll show you how to use doubt as fuel
Convert it to gunpowder too
Now what you do is put the match to the charcoal fluid
Put the spark to it like Martha Stewart barbecuing
Ah screw it feel like you want to hit that wall then do it
Punch through it just cock back put your all into it
Now you gon' take that rage and make that what you wage
Never take back what you say
If you stay strapped in your brain engaged in a steel cage match
Ready to scrap asap
Take your fists and just ball it
Show who's big and who's smallest you're Christopher Wallace
Now picture 'em all as plastic and foam
Lays flat where you put your dinner plates at
And set it on 'em like a placemat
And I want you to say that
I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I would never say ëOh itís impossibleí
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal
Step into the unknown and find yourself
You're floating freely no emotion
Got a fuckiní mouth with no shut-off valve
Can't even cut off power to it but it's what allowed
Me to come up out from under the fuckin' ground
Cause I worked my butt off now
It's a subject that I don't know how to shut up about
Cause I stuck it out
Like a motherfucking tongue thats how I responded when I got shoved around
You're gonna have non-believers
But when you're beyond belief you probably shouldn't wonder how
Get it how you live
But are you prepared to give more than you get?
And put in twice what you get back from this shit
Though what you sacrifice barely is half never give
Rap is my shiv
But it's like my shield at the same time I wield and my knife is will
Sometimes I feel just like B. Real from Cypress Hill
How I can just kill a cypher survivor's guilt
I rhyme like life is still an uphill climb
Ready to face any challenge waitin'
Can taste it it's salivation I'm wagin' retaliation
Look what I have built reputation is validation
The only thing I'm capable of makin' is amazing
Only thing you're capable of makin' is a false statement
Or accusation... I am legendary status in fact
That is the only way you'll ever be able to say
Your legend is makin' an allegation
I write with the left same hand I hold the mic with
As I fight to the death 'til my last breath
Managed to prove who the best man is
Prevail at all costs be the only ones left standing
In the end but I ain't gonna be the only one with the advantage
Of knowing what it's like to be southpaw
Cause you can bet your ass you'll be left handed
Cause I am
I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I would never say ëOh lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yo.. I dedicate to this.. to yo..
To all my fans keepin y'all in health
Let's tell this Whitey Ford to go fuck himself
Cause it's cruel when you cause a bad heart conditionin
which I create cause that's my mission
So listen close to what we say
because this type of fag claims to never be gay I..
.. knew you was jealous from the day that I met you
I upset you cause I get respect I bet you 
I'm even liked better by your niece and nephew 
And now you hate Fred because Lethal left you
Peckerwood mad cause his record went wood
No respect in the hood fled to his neck of the woods
Got in touch with his roots found the redneck in his blood
and said "Heck country western rap records are good!!"
So he picks the guitar up and he strums a few notes
He can't rap or sing but he wants to do both 
Puts an album out and rules for part of the year
then Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit come from out of nowhere
It's the start of an era rock rap's harder this year
No one's tryin to hear some fuckin old fart in a chair
sittin on stage strummin acoustic guitar in your ear
So you start to get scared sit back and spark an idea
Figure you can diss me to jump start your career
I punch you in your fuckin chest 'til your heart kicks in gear 
And fuck your underground buddy's nameless crew
Like I'ma say they names so they can be famous too
You just a.. quitter and you bitter cause I came along
and the days of House of Pain are gone
And if you talk about my little girl in a song again
I'ma kill you 
Yo.. heart attack to stroke from the crack you smoke
to the rap you wrote your fuckin answer back's a joke
And I'ma tell these motherfuckin fans the truth
The reason why you dissed me first and I answered you
You said I passed you in a lobby and I glanced at you
like I ain't notice you? BITCH I had a show to do!
Like I'm supposed to be star-struck come over to you
You better shut your fuckin mouth while you oh-for-two
Back in ninety-four Limp opened the show for you
Rocked the crowd better and stole the whole show from you
Took your motherfuckin DJ and stole him too
So you fall in a slump and get all emotional
So now you sing and mix slang with blues and pluck strings
Confused as fuck cause now your music sucks dick
Mr. Mr. Ass Kisser to get accepted in rap
quicker but never last and Everlast is a..
Aight listen 
So this is what we ask of our fans
If you ever see Everlast WHOOP HIS ASS
Hit him with sticks bricks rocks throw shit at him
Kick him spit on him treat him like a hoe bitch-slap him
Do it for me do it for Fred do it for Limp
Do it for Rock do it for rap do it for Kid
Do it for Ice-T do it just to do it fuck it
He's a bitch he ain't gon' hit you back he's nothin!
Shit in five years we'll all be 
And he'll be bussin tables in that bitch cleanin the toilets
Aiyyo.. fuck this cut this shit off
Aiyyo Head that's why I fucked your mother you fat motherfucker!
Kill Whitey! - Hahaha
Kill Whitey! - Detroit! What? What?
Kill Whitey! - .. yo yo
Kill Whitey! - Haha! Look
First off fuck your songs and the shit you say
Diss my wife but at least I got a bitch you gay
You claim to be a Muslim but you Irish White
So fuck you fat boy drop the mic let's fight
Plus I punch you in the chest weak hearts I rip
Whitey Ford forty and white lethargic ass dickhead
I keep 'em comin while you runnin out of breath
Steady duckin while I'm punchin at your chest you need to rest
Dilated go ask your people how I leave ya
with your three CD's nobody sees when they released
Evidence don't fuck around with real MC's
who ain't ready for no underground beef so fuck geeks
I let you faggots know it's on for life
but Everlast might die tonight haha
Fat boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and take a heart pill you know!
Grab 380's when you see Slim Shady
Call the doctor to heal your heart
They shocked you back to life at the clinic
but you 'bout to get relapsed any minute
Honkey I hit 'em up!
Hahaha yo check this out
You faggots ain't even on my level
I'ma let D-12 ride on you bitch-made ass faggots!
Yo! Get out the way yo get out the way yo
Whitey Ford's heart just stopped
Eminem shocked him back he had another heart attack
Whitey Ford's gettin his ass floored for talkin back
Little faggot Hamburgular I show you where the burgers are
At your own restaraunt while I'm servin ya
Drop and stomp your whole heart 'til it stops
Call the cops I'ma beat your ass while they watch
Ha ha now we got the whole industry makin fun of you Erik
Where's your House of Pain now? There's only one of you Erik
You a petty coward you ain't ready to steady go a round
with some killers from 7 Mile to the motherfuckin Belle Isle Bridge
Got in his ass and now this faggot wanna mention me still
this ain't no freestyle battle Everlast gettin killed
with his chest open
Tryin to throw a fuckin punch but you just chokin
Havin a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime
cause you SUCK motherfucker you should learn to rhyme
Talkin 'bout you packin pistols but it's funny to me
You ain't never been in trouble you just wanna be me
I'm a paleface killer whale
on his way to fuckin prison pistol whippin tail ha
Erik remember when I passed you in the lobby that day?
That shit was obvious you probably was gay ha
Now it's all about country you gave up hip-hop
Forty-nine thousand copies the week your shit drop
while my sales makin records break
Two and a half million scanned by the second week
Motherfucker I hit 'em up!
I'm from Detroit's Pemberton Ave. where bullets tear you in half
Fuck the music we got an uzi for all you fags
Get the shit out of our stereo Dilated you violated
Now you 'bout to get annihilated we gon' bury you
Iriscience get choked up and yoked up
All you underground bitches get your throats cut
What the fuck?! Is you stupid?
I choke Whitey Ford with his fuckin guitar cord
and stuff him in cardboard chopped up in a box
with sixteen parts I stomped on his heart
D-12 Amityville fuck your mother while you watch
Keep your restaurant locked and block your door
Cause we  like motherfuckin Tupac Shakur
You a "Black Jesus" heart attack seizures
Too many cheeseburgers McDonald's Big Mac greases
White devil washed up honkey
Mixed up cracker who crossed over to country
Yo aiyyo cut this shit off
[needle drags beat stops]
Fuck him that's it I'm done I promise I'm done that's it
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Some days I just wanna up and call it quits
I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks
Every time I go to get up I just fall in pits
My life's like one great big ball of shit!
If I could just put it all into all I spit
Instead of always trying swallow it
Instead of starin' at this wall and shit
While I sit writer's block sick of all this shit
Can't call it shit!
All I know is I'm about to hit the wall
If I have to see another one of Mom's alcoholic fits
This is it last straw
That's all that's it
I ain't dealin' with another fuckin' politic
I'm like a skillet bubblin' until it filters up
I'm about to kill it I can feel it buildin' up
Blow this building up I've been sealed enough
My cup runneth over I done filled it up
The pen explodes and busts ink spills my guts!
You think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts
Well Imma show you what You gon' feel my rush
If you don't feel it then it must be too real to touch
Build the dutch I'm about to tear shit up
Goosebumps Yeah Imma make your hair sit up Yeah sit up
Imma tell you who I be Imma make you hate me Cause you ain't me
You wait it ain't too late to finally see
What you close-minded fucks were too blind to see
Whoever finds me is gonna get a finder's fee
Out this world ain't no one out their mind as me
You need peace of mind? Here's a piece of mine
All I need's a line but Sometimes I don't always find the words to rhyme
To express how I'm really feeling at that time Yes
Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes
It's just sometimes it's always me
How dark can these hallways be
The clock strikes midnight
1 2 then half past 3
This half-assed rhyme with this half-assed piece of paper
I'm desperate at my desk
If I could just get the rest of this shit off my chest Again
Stuck in this slump Can't think of nothing
Fuck I'm stumped Oh Wait Here comes something nope!
It's not good enough scribble it out
New pad crinkle it up and throw this shit out
I'm fizzling out thought I figured it out
Ball's in my court but I'm scared to dribble it out
I'm afraid but why am I afraid? Why am I a slave
To this Trade ? Cyanide I spit to the grave
Real enough to rile you up Want me to flip it? I can rip it
any style you want.
Imma switch hitter bitch Jimmy Smith ain't a quitter
Imma sit here till I get enough of me to finally hit a fucking boiling point
Put some oil in your joints Flip the coin Bitch come get destroyed
An MC's worst dream I make them tensed they hate me
See me and shake like a chain-link fence
By the looks of 'em you would swear that Jaws was coming
By the screams of 'em you would swear I'm sawing someone
By the way they runnin' you would swear the law was coming
It's now or never and tonight it's all or nothing
Momma Jimmy keeps leaving on us He said he'd be back
He pinky promised I don't think he's honest
I'll be back baby I just gotta beat this clock
Fuck this clock! Imma make them Eat this watch
Don't believe me Watch! Imma win this race
And Imma come back and rub my shit in your face Bitch!
I found my niche You gon' hear my voice
'Til you're SICK of it you ain't gonna have a choice
If I gotta scream 'til I have half a lung
If I have half a chance I'll grab it lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah...
It's my life...
My own words I guess...
Have you ever loved someone so much you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression no literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
 Dad's gotta go catch a plane
I don't know go play Hailie baby your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady yeah baby Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...
You look like you're in another world
but I can read your mind
how can you be so far away
lying by my side 
Things ain't always what they seem or cracked up to be 
Like all these fakin' ass rappers in this industry 
Talkin' bout what they got and they ain't got a damn thang 
How you own three cars but you don't own ya own name? 
Get ya business right boys the first class is in session 
Get a entertainment lawyer in the music profession 
Start up ya own company trademark the name 
That's gon' run ya bout a grand so start savin' ya change 
Open a bank account quick and then follow these steps 
Sign yourself to yourself and start signin' ya own checks 
Hit the booth and start recording at the speed of need 
Whatever gets ya juices flowin' could be speed or weed 
Get it mixed and mastered pressed up and plastered 
Sell it to ya whole hood out the trunk ya bastard! 
Show all the non-believers what you destined to be 
And in just a couple years you could be rich like me 
You look like you're in another world
but I can read your mind
how can you be so far away
lying by my side 
Money to be made best believe a nigga clockin
I run it myself like a quarterback option
I pitch a 10 g's tell a bitch to go shopping
she buy herself some clothes and she bought me back a chopper
see niggas tryna kick it but no I don't play sucka
I'm all about my cake I'm tryna marry Betty Crocker
a package on the way you know my whip game proper
and enough for one key I see seventy thousand dollas
Now I was shootin dice smokin on a joint
I bet with Yo Gotti he hit five straight points
we ovahere hustlin we ova here grindin
you rap about money and nigga might sign ya
you rap about me and a nigga might find ya
banana in ya ass with ya head right behind ya
DOPE GAME BITCH let his mamma worry bout him lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
My name is KXNG CROOKED I snap on you rappers often
When I'm spazzin' I'm just gettin' my passionate point across
Like a hood cat clappin' his hands when he's talkin'
Now that I got your attention I feel I should really mention
Don't come around here flossin' Big Willies we'll Willie Lynch 'em
Pull out the chopper rappers hittin' the ground
Like every bar is a bullet when I pull it it sound like
B-b-b-b-b a couple of bullets are comin' your way then it jam
Like god damn
Then I pick up somethin' quicker start killin' everything in the vicinity
The proximity the Glocksimity we on Yosemite Sam
Bam bam your body drop Van Damme karate chop
The Beretta's a better competitor
Pop pop turn your sweater to a crop top
Killin' you and whoever in that drop top
Etcetera etcetera and it will not stop
Just shoot shoot like doot doot
And beaucoup beaucoup I'm cuckoo
I'm a star goin' to war with you clones like Count Dooku
I'm worlds apart from you rappers
Like I walk in the booth rockin' a biosuit made of plastic
And NASA's galactic elastic travelin' through space interstellar rapping
Broadcastin' from uninhibited planets
When I come back that's it
You see a flash in the sky it's that nigga I
When I land you wack niggas die
And your casket is your last hit
You wack bitch fuckin' bastard
Back to the hand clappin'
You die quicker than Darren Wilson walkin' through Ferguson
Dressed like the grand dragon of the Klan
Passin' niggas with pants saggin'
With their hand on a black Magnum
To clap him backwards
So their last words is 
That's backwards for 
Buck them damn triggers
Charge us bodies fill up them damn Rivers
Cause everybody wanna be the best rapper alive
But I only like dead rappers
Compare me to the best rappers who died
And you rappers I used to look up to
I gotta cancel you now
Like Simon Cowell I can't let you ex factors survive
Nah the time's right and they finally limelightin' the god of this rhyme writin'
My mic can only be likened to Poseidon's trident and Zeus' lightin' strike
And my metaphors are what Thor was to the Norse viking
I'm a born titan and at-point kill 'em like swordfightin'
I'm slicin' organs with songwritin' I dwarf giants
I hope I'm rubbin' you pussies wrong sort of like poor dykin'
I smoke philosophy I snort science
That means I'm higher than higher learnin' look in my eyes
That's where the fire's burnin'
Try to deny music's messiah returnin'
You die and you fry in my iron furnace
I am on my get rich or die tryin' like when Em was signin' Curtis
Cause I am murderous
(Joe Budden Jersey City New Jersey)
Now we can do this a couple of different ways it really depends
Could give them classic NY jeans over the Timbs
Or I could spit about my car and how it sit on the rims
I could tell you why I'm hot and disappear like MIMS
But the bars there put that on God ask an atheist
And if I ain't the bomb at least I'm in the blast radius
I'm beating these kids' indictment shit I like the terror
APB on my actions I'm in the viking era
Moment of truth I give you facts right now
Fuck this cypher my mind ain't on rap right now
So it's fuck metaphors and punches all the witty shit
Got a missing uncle and another need a kidney flip
Face says I been stressed
I got an aunt getting her ass kicked by MS
Nigga why am I here? For the look for the promo
Shit that bothered from the start
Cause the cancer left his lungs and it's on my grandfather's heart
Yeah just not the side that the beat is on
I'm supposed to put that to the side when the beat is on
I'm planning the funeral I'm getting the hearse ready
These niggas only wanna ask me if the verse is ready
Not a how do I feel not a how do I deal
If that's the life nigga then how is it real?
These last couple of days I've been speaking to my peers
Giving them cries for help I guess they need to see the tears
But wait wildest part of all of that is
They'll shoot a suicidal rapper right here on the bridge
But fuck it gotta pardon 'em shout out to my squad and 'em
House Gang Shady I'm gone nigga my job is done
Yelawolf Gadsden Alabama
My name is Wayne I'm from Alabama
Here's the back story
I just fell off the turnip truck with Ernest Tubb
I'm 33 I've got 3 kids and I just popped 3 pills
I don't know which one's which or what it's for
Safety ain't really a habit I've formed
I still smoke to the cigarette butt
I still drink till I end up being that klutz
Clumsy self-destructive dummy
Stumbling over my words mumbling
I'll probably do it tonight
Leave the bar leave the car
And pass out like a fetus in a jar with my feet up to the stars
And dream about that light that leads up to the lord
I have nightmares about my momma getting beat up in the yard
Wake up feeling like half a human
Hit the studio and unleash this guilt and regret
For my lack of union between rap you and the rock and roll community
For unity between country music and MCs I'm claiming immunity
Still I'm working sawing milling this tree
Building this house exactly the way Charlemagne the god and Lord Jamar thought it would be
Wait a minute... the lord and the god hate me
Jesus Christ I am the white devil!
Nah...
I'm still working sawing milling this tree
Building this house exactly the way I thought it should be
Wanna take a tour? Let's see
I've got floor-to-ceiling windows and a cabin-style mansion
Bucks bears trucks boats tires spares four-wheelers
Three-wheelers two-wheelers a drug dealer on call
Plaques on the wall racks on the wall for my guns on the wall
Lift kits low riders chop shops hi tops low tops cowboy boots
Dixie flags American flags Slumerican tags on my Slumerican ass
CEO
I've got my name on the bathrobe and the flame on the back porch is lit
Guess who's coming to dinner?
AndrÈ 3000 and Hank the Third go figure
I've got two stand-up jetskis a top pedigree horse just to pet and feed of course
Who rides a horse in Nashville? I might
I've got bicycles for the kids tricycles for the babies
M-80s bottle rockets bottles in my pocket
Moonshine gold watches gold rings
All fake no bling don't hate that's my thing
I've got new clothes old clothes vintage tremendous endless style
Goodwill loves me Mackle-more than you
I've got flat screen TVs with skate videos on repeat
All the latest CDs mp3s and Beats by Dre
Thank you very much Jimmy Iovine for the check
I've got a black woman fine as she can be
FeFe with a ring on her finger that could give sight to the blind
A 5 a 10 a couple hundreds layin' on the counter
I don't know where that came from
I got artwork from hard work yardworkers for yard work
Don't look under the tarp sir
I'm growin' weed for my mama there
I've got a paved driveway and photos in the hallway of me on my Harley
And I did it my way
See hip hop is what you make of it
And I'm makin' a lot of it
See that's a quadruple entendre Jay Z eat your heart out
But these cyphers I treat 'em like a war don't want no mediators
Nah this that grow up in the P's behavior next door to the greasy neighbors
People thank you I do this for all the mean creators
I was someone who never needed favors to get where I'm at
Now they deem me a savior
But to be honest I ain't feelin' like that man I just really like rap
Y'all lucky trust me
I'm opposite the hands of Sandusky
With the shit that my pen state these rappers can't touch me
Ugly? Shit you serious? I'm hideous
I was better than all you silly kids while trying to figure out who I really is
As a younger dude life was somethin' rude
I barely made it to the first like a Cutler move
No rubber groove on my shoes had to fight so suspensions
I had 3 in one week yeah that was public school
Did I say 3 in 1? That's funny cause there's 4 of us in the Slaughter
That's a 3 and 1 I learned that in public school too
Like what's in between a 3 and 1 and House Gang I spoke to all 3 on 1 call
Like I dropped 2 albums and #3 is 1 second from bein' done
Just need y'all 3 to send me 1 verse apiece
For this Heatmakerz beat and Brother's Keeper 1
Simple mathematics I'm addin' up to all these rap addicts
I don't like to divide dough so I multiply flow
And subtract maggots
Like a brand new Craftmatic boy I'm back at it
Smokin' these new boys like my last habit
Dabnabbit I tried to quit but everything I kick's like the last dragon
Hoes suckin' my drummer dick they on my bandwagon
I just gotta laugh cause y'all pushin' a lot of swag
I'm pushin' this big ole Hearse don't get body bagged
These new rappers be askin' me
Why I don't be hangin' out where they be hangin' out
I tell 'em I say 
If I don't got no business there I don't got no business there
See there's a difference here
You hustlin' so you can be seen
Nigga I'm grindin' so I can disappear
I don't do it like other rappers do
When it's on time it's skull and bone signs at the stu
We got guns you only find on your cheat code screen
If you think I remind you of any of these niggas you wildin' out
Like Chico Bean
When there's drama I don't ask no questions I just clap in that direction
I look at this gat like it's an actual accessory
I'm anti-social so relax when you step to me
Nigga I shoot the breeze with actual weaponry
Your lil' stare downs won't fare well
I got a pale conscience I'm the grey area
Last person I had a bond with was a bail bondsman
Now imagine me hangin' with y'all and we rappin' on the same song
Nigga I'd rather juggle a couple of chainsaws
Or run through hell with a pair of gasoline Hanes on
I'm a star but not on some I wanna be a star kinda shit
The only celebrity that give a fuck less than me is Marshawn Lynch
Glock in the stash as a backup but the MAC'll burst
Cripple your style your first born child'll come out
With a colostomy bag as the afterbirth
I don't give a fuck
Nigga I'll show up to Beyonce's show posin' as Jay Z
Stagger in your studio session with a bomb strapped to my chest
Lookin' like Omarion holdin' his baby
Jump in the 4 door Mercedes with a .44 listenin' to JoJo and K-Ci
Drinkin' and sniffin' enough blow that it got me thinkin' I can exchange sicknesses
Maybe this ebola for rabies
That's it just livin' the rapper life
Banana clip in the air lookin' like it's 'bout to start singin' it's MAC tonight
MACs I use this MAC as a component for thugs rollin' up
I got this MAC on and you better stay in that corner
Cause shit can turn into that song except I don't give a fuck what day it is
I'll have this club goin' up fuck with me
Mack magnet attractin' enormous green
Slap this clip in this gat then call this arm Christy Mack
Cause this bitch is that war machine
Life of a giant but who needs size when you're wack and your team's soft
Drag your girl down this hill 'til she admits that it feels like she's jackin' the beanstalk
We both got marketing plans
Yours is to sell records and try to net more than you gross before
Mine is to punch you in your face if you ever disrespect me
And then go invest into a grocery store
Rolled up with the Smith & Wesson and drew on you like let's fight now
I do numbers I turn you and your crew into two plumbers
Translation get your shit together and pipe down
Fuck a mic I don't write I chew and spit
I'll shoot you and your sis if you insist
I got my eyes on the sparrow
Silencer's so big it look like I got Bobby Shmurda tied to the front of the barrel
And he doin' this
(My name is Marshall
I'm repping that motherfucking Motor City bitch)
I just turned Slaughterhouse to a quintet
Began to trend-set murdered a friend's pet
Made shit as ill as it can get went in depth
Like a fucking vignette and two bars skins wet
I'm already covered in sweat and I wasn't even ready to come in yet
AHH let me set this drink down
Beat up a gal start beef with her pal
Probably be wild 'til I'm wrinkled and senile
And  was a freestyle
Off the top of the dome piece while I was sleep on the couch
And I'm freestyling now
I need a towel sweat leaks from my brow
It's burning my eyes my cerebral is foul
Cause shit I'm thinking about should be illegal
I need my head banned like the guy who left Cleveland Ohio
And went to South Beach with his talents
Scream  on the way out and wink with a smile
This whole game can eat a dick I'm going back deep underground
But right now I'm back on that bullshit and you I'm singling out
Cause you're so fucking outdated you should mingle a while
What the fuck is this Klusterfuk of busters
Bunch of Buster Douglas' motherfuckers is one hit wonders
One swing and you're crowned
Knocked one out the park one catchy jingle and now
You think you fucking with me cause you sold like 300 thou
Bitch I can jump without my feet ever leaving the ground
Reach up swing from a cloud with 3 thousand people around
Evil and vile enough to leap in the crowd
And heave a child in a sink hole on Cinco De Mayo
When I'm sprinkled in pico de gallo
Mardi Gras beads in a towel
I just made that up
I don't know much Spanish I'm not bilingual
But I'll show you a Mexican stand off
Between just these two amigos
Cause neither really wants to say what we're thinking out loud
But I sure as fuck think I know how read body English no doubt
Cause we're trying to kill each other but lyrically
The fuck is humility? What is a real emcee?
Royce he came up in the shit with me
Never spit that hustler shit it wasn't a fit for me
Let them adjust 'til they just get the gist of me
Just not giving a fuck and plus with the history
Of muscular distrophy it wasn't a mystery
Why this middle finger was stuck in this upward positioning
So what in the fuck is a list to me?
I'm used to not being on it I expect it out 'em
Heck wit' em I get my respect without 'em
Ain't really been into diamonds since I put my first record out
But I could put a chain around my second album
And wear it as a neck medallion
Became a millionaire went downhill from there
Became civil office swivel chair sterling silverware
Screaming life is still unfair til I get a real career
The fuck am I gonna do until then? This job is too fulfilling
Two ga-jillion pairs of super villain shoes to fill in
And a mood to kill till I plow my Coupe de Ville
Into some children at the food pavilion and Build-A-Bear
Warrior's mind Iím pro-hydrocodone euphoria
In the Drug Emporium line I'm soaring
I'm pouring Vicodin four at the time ignoring the warning signs on 'em fore I go four wheeler riding
Gory and violent and horrifying
You surely won't find no one more appalling
Than I am with this retaliatorial rhyming for Gloria Steinem
But I finger her like a witness show me a line-up
I usually am abusive but excuse me ma'am
I guess I must've threw you for a loop like Toucan Sam
When I said I could use the sample cause you's a tramp
But look how you react to this trigger like
When I call you a bigger dyke than the Hoover Dam
You're playing right in Lex Luthor's hand
It's such a ruthless plan might even lose a fan
But fuck it Superman wouldn't change in a phone booth for Stan
I'm a brand new being like Grand Puba's band
Happy as Anderson Cooper having a tuba crammed
In his pooper with lubricant...wait that's too... I can't
Since honesty is the best policy I'll give you the old college try
Try to acknowledge my mistakes probably won't qualify
As a gentleman and a scholar but it's time that I swallow pride
And say that I'm sorry sorry I can't apologize
I think of all them times I compromised my bottom lines
And thought of rhymes that sodomized your daughter's minds
Then I'm like dollar signs
But I may fight for gay rights especially if they dyke
Is more of a knockout than Janay Rice
Play nice bitch I'll punch Lana Del Rey right
In the face twice like Ray Rice in broad daylight
In plain sight of the elevator surveillance
Til her head is banged on the railing
Then celebrate with the Ravens
Never date an assailant who self-medicates with inhalants
I'd meditate but I may need a better way to escape
The aggression rage and the anger
Cause they restraints on the ankles
Heavyweights and an anchor with handcuffs in chains
This ain't enough to contain it
But I still get the same respect as Jay if I came on
Stage in a fucking negligÈe everyday and Liz Claiborne
Devastated from breakup with Kate Hudson
Wait slut your friends what are they gonna say
Cause makeup ain't gonna cover
That eye that's seven-eighths of the way shut
Peppersprayed with your face cut
Made my bank like a lay up
Off these effing skanks on the way up
Oh bitch thinks she's heaven-sent
It's evident that she ain't never been with seven inches
Yes I said seven I measured it
Seven inches from the floor
While I'm standing on the fourth floor balcony
At the Sheradon when I'm stretching it
Bitch I'm a pimp so a limp dick is all you'll ever get
So if she's hesitant to get the hint
I'll bet you that I get the message sent who she's messing with
Hella quick when I tell a chick not to ever use sex as a weapon
When I step in and beat the wretched wench with a crescent wrench
Existential detriments to a lesbian devil
In the unpleasant stench of an estrogen level
That separatists like a Chechnian rebel
Impressionist with a pencil
A pessimist with his lips pressed against
The edge of this Red Bull
Pedal to the metal I'm rippin' this shit cause right away I'll give it to a bitch like a pedestrian deadly as ever
You see what kind of effects she has on the opposite sex when I push her flexible little sexy ass through a plate of plexiglass
SHADYXV as perplexing as
The last fifteen years and I'm predicting my next relapse
When I spit these lyrics so don't look at me weird
When I start shifting gears and shit re-smears all over Britney Spears
And these little Disney queers
Who use chicks for beards?
Just made that up too...
Oh and the Shady 2.0
We wrote it in roman numerals like they do for the Super Bowls
Cause it's supposed to confuse you hoes
The flows lose you as usual so juvenile
2 year old when I go to the studio
It's only music but don't be foolish though
You don't know me through it ho but you can blow me to it though
In my homie's Buick
Been known to lose it though so if I overdo it you drove me to it
When I step in the vocal booth like I'm supposed to do
And I murder you on a fuckin' track like Tony Stewart
In one take if I fuck up and I don't redo it
You couldn't sound grown on a beat if you were moaning to it
The day I don't say fuck you all you can throw me through it
Rootinest-tootinest shootin' this from the hip
With the sentiments Eminem isn't penning them for the women
I'm an enemy to them and the epitome of an inconsiderate idiot
But they consider me equivalent to chlamydia
They tryna get rid of me gadzooks
But I stiggity stand for the fliggity flag
Of the United States and the freedom lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Psst... hey listen! 
Lalalalala! I love my job. Whoo! Makes me feel like Superman!
Can you fly? I can. Wanna see? 
I'm only entertaining you 
My goal is to stimulate making you high 
And take you and I 
To a place you can't see 
But I believe you can fly 
I don't mean nobody harm I'm just partying 
I'm not your dad not your mom not your guardian 
Just a man who's on the mic 
So let me entertain you... 
My lyrical content is constantly under fire 
No wonder why I constantly bomb back 
To combat attacks with constant concepts 
When lyrics are constantly took outta context 
Failure to communicate with congress has 
Been a problem for the longest I guess 
But maybe one day we can make some progress 
Food for thought - see how long it takes to digest 
Feeling good when I should be ashamed 
Sh*t I really should've fell but I stood 
See I came like a flame in the night 
Like a ghost in the dark; there's a ray there's a light 
There's a hope there's a spark 
But when planets collide they'll never see eye to eye 
Until they decide to set their differences aside 
And this is why only one of us will survive 
So children follow my lead and feel the vibe cause 
My music can be slightly amusing 
You shouldn't take lyrics so serious it might be confusing 
Just trying to seperate the truth from entertainment 
It's stupid ain't it? I get sick of trying to explain it 
See I could sit and argue with you but it goes beyond 
Just being a snot pointy-nosed bleach-blond 
Cause I came here to uplift; let your woes be gone 
Tell 'em to get fu*ked and just mosie on 
Constantly moving constantly using the constitution 
As a form of restitution 
Bless the children nothing less than brilliant 
Let me entertain you like Robbie Williams 
I'll be here when y'all are gone rebuilding 
World revolving still evolving still Slim 
How many kids'll copy? Probably millions 
But I'ma do this as a fu*king hobby till then cause 
My lyrical content contains subject matter 
That sucks up all these fu*ked up young kids 
At an alarming rate; common denominate 
Add it up and you'll see just why I dominate 
I try to stimulate but kids emulate 
And mimmick every move you make - "Slim you great!" 
But wait can't you see I'm only here to entertain? 
I gotta be the one to go against the grain 
Cause man I see it feel it live it but it's inhumane 
For me to see you be influenced but pretend you ain't 
But they don't understand that I've been through pain 
If you get to know me I could be a friend you gain 
But you can't just stand there and try to judge 
It hurts but you're jealousy probably tears you up inside as much 
And it's such a pleasure every button that I touch 
I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
HI MY NAME IS...
...Bitch you make me hurl. 
They call me superman leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down in a relationship
Save it bitch babysit you make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit girl you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip cut to the chase I tell a muthafuckin' slut to her face
Play no games say no names ever since I broke up with what's her face
I'm a different man kiss my ass kiss my lips bitch why ask
Kiss my dick get my cash I'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out I'll put you out won't get out I'll push you out
Puss blew out poppin' shit wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice buy you ice bitch if you died I wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be my new wife what you Mariah fly through twice...
But I do know one thing though bitches they come they go
Saturday through Sunday Monday Monday through Sunday yo'
Maybe I'll love you one day maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'...
Cause I can't be your Superman 
Can't be your Superman 
Can't be your Superman 
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman 
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman your Superman... (Cry me a River-er yeah yeah)
Don't get me wrong I love these ho's
It's no secret everybody knows
Yeah we fucked bitch so what that's about as far as your buddy goes
We'll be friends I'll call you again I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kind of car I'll be in we'll see how much you'll be partying then
You don't want that neither do I I don't want to flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride between you and I
Not a jealous man but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do how could it ever be just us two
I'd never love you enough to trust you we just met and I just fucked you...
But I do know one thing though bitches they come they go
Saturday through Sunday Monday Monday through Sunday yo'
Maybe I'll love you one day maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'...
Cause I know you want me baby I think I want you too (Cry me a River Cry me a River-er)
 I think I love you too 
I'm here to save you girl come be in Shady's world 
I want to grow together let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby you know I want you too 
They call me superman I'm here to rescue you 
I want to save you girl come be in Shady's world 
 bitch you make me hurl... (Cry me a River-er yeah yeah)
First thing you say "I'm not fazed I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyways
You're just plain old Marshall to me"
Ooh ya' girl run that game
"Hallie Jade I love that name love that tattoo what's that say?"
"Rot in pieces uh that's great."
First off you don't know Marshall at all so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal I'll slap you off that barstool
There goes another lawsuit leave handprints all across you
Good Lordy whoadie you must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab end up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a tampax and slap you till you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance don't mean to ruin your plans...
But I do know one thing though bitches they come they go
Saturday through Sunday Monday Monday through Sunday yo'
Maybe I'll love you one day maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'...
Cause I know you want me baby I think I want you too (Cry me a River Cry me a River-er)
 I think I love you too 
I'm here to save you girl come be in Shady's world 
I want to grow together let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me baby you know I want you too
They call me superman I'm here to rescue you 
I want to save you girl come be in Shady's world 
 bitch you make me hurl... (Cry me a River-er yeah yeah)
Cause I can't be your Superman 
Can't be your Superman 
Can't be your Superman 
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman 
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman your Superman... (Cry me a River-er yeah yeah)
Cry me a river oh (Cry me cry me)
Cry me a river oh (Cry me cry me)
Cry me a river oh (Cry me cry me)
Cry me a river oh (Cry me cry me)
Cry me a river oh (Cry me cry me)
Cry me a river oh (Cry me cry me)
Cry me a river oh (Cry me cry me)
Cry me a river (Cry me cry me)
(Cry me lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Let's take them back to the future 
Bars like Paul Rosenberg
The small frozen turd 
Alright look I had class I just got expelled
I excelled at nothing in school
So if you're tryna test my patience it just failed
But King Mathers I still get hailed
So call me sire like I exhaled
After I had a deep ass breath held
I guess well that'll make my size double XL
So kiss your highness's hinded ass
While I'm trying to stretch it's time to exercise
I'm flexing isometrics
Twice the reps 'til I get extra-sized
And set my bis and pecs and triceps on fire
Cause I'm coming out guns blazing
Like flaming pythons my suggestion is parental discretion
Be advised due to this mental aggression
We advise you to back up like Byron Leftwich
I'm infectious I rhyme like I got a sinus infection
A virus I'm congested and I just ingested
Five Allegras but the side effects from these anti-depressants they're tryna mess with my mind
I'm a regular Hyde and Jekyll
White with freckles but I silence hecklers
You might wanna head for the fire exits
I'm coming through like a wrecking ball
You would swear I think highly of Miley
And I respect her the way I backhand her
Excuse my French Montana but I am worried about nutting
God damn it I'm a sexist I drive a Lexus
Textses out of her mind and I'm in Texas
With a chainsaw wait what did I forget this
Time oh my machetes getting upset he said
He was ready for me to come get him from inside the shed
It was time he's restless
He wants to make blood shed like a storage unit
But before I do it let me think this through
Cause if I behead this bitch then I'd be headless
Mic check one two
I ain't barely check the mic just yet
And I just sweared like twice as many times
In less than ninety seconds
Than Andrew fucking Dice ever did in his fucking life
But I guess I'm expected to make these kinds of violent records
It's why I keep rhyming reckless
Fuck it I swear like a diamond necklace
Since freestyling over phone tap my line's connected
With rhymes that kept in touch with the fans that's why the more bars the better my reception
And I give a fuck about sales and fuck pop I don't even like refreshments
Cindy Crawford tryna fend me off with a bendy straw
At the waffle house awful mouth
But if you don't like what I'm talking about then block me out
Just then Foxy Brown walks up and knocks me down
Kicks me and socks me ow
Apparently still mad over what I said last year
On that Vegas track I just look stupid and stand there
And try to act like I can't hear
What? Sorry dear but I think Pam Grier just stuck a tampon in my damn ear
That's when my man Denaun Porter ran behind me to pantomime
That if you wanna kick his ass stand in line
Hands inside my pants as I fantasize taking advantage
Of Brandy and Janet by grabbing my Spanish Fly
Like a blind Hispanic guy with his zipper stuck
Give a fuck it's all part of my grand design
To get Amanda Bynes to come and fucking blow me like a dandelion
Better watch your step you 'bout to cross an outlandish mine
I'm what you get if Aaron Hernandez rhymed
So stand aside unless you plan to find out how handy I am with a branding iron
Fuck talking clear so you all can hear
I'd rather rap like a fucking auctioneer
Fuck around and walk from here to the Southpaw premier
Get on Paul's back rapping Paul Revere
So call me queer cause I'm always weird
So praise a Genius hope this don't get taken out of text
But Hillary I promise to wipe my server clean if you face subpoenas
Got a name that speaks for itself like Anthony Weiner
Hands in between my pants in a theater jacking my meat
A fan of Trina Angelina and Christina and Serena and Selena
Scarlett Johansson Tiffani Amber Thiessen
Give me a damn good reason and not wanna slip an Ambien in the Cappuccino
And try to have a 3-sum with Janet Reno
I'm fucked worse than Donald Trump
On Lexapro in Mexico across from a Texaco in McDonald's drunk
Broke and out of gas busted water pump
Getting fondled up by Ronald feeling him on his rump
Oh yeah and me and Alyssa Milano hump
We do
Bringing the horror to emcees like the aura of the Run DMC fedora
Addidas and Diadoras but I need at least three to four of those Rita Oras
In a four seater Taurus but tell them my face is the best seat in the house
I'll let them bleed in my mouth while I'm eating them out (that's disgusting ow Jesus)
Heat seeking missile duck demented sick hate and see who gives a fuck
I invented prick and that's a true statement I see the bitch in you Caitlyn
I keep the pistol tucked like Bruce Jenner's dick
No disrespect though not at all no pun intended that took a lot of balls 
Oh and Azealia Banks just wanna tell you thanks
Now I got trailer skanks sending me ballpark franks in the mail as pranks
And hot pockets thanks a lot
Awful I made monopoly off misogyny
Sodomy how many chocolatey jell-o pops can he possibly lace walking atrocity
No wonder you scoff at me it's still obvious I'm as off-putting as Bill Cosby is
Treat women like property possessive like a noun with an apostrophe
S's I'd probably stalk broccoli yes it's
Socrates with a block of cheese and a dollar stuck in this soda pop machine
Got emcees dropping to knees copping a plea bargain
They keep sobbing like ìplease stop itî
Aftermath bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Well Jimmy moved in with his mother
Cos he ain't go no place to go
And now I'm right back in the gutter
With a garbage bag that's full of clothes
Cause you live at home in a trailer
What the hell you gonna do 
Cause I live at home in a trailer
Mom I'm coming home to you
Well my name is Jimmy
He's name's Greg Buehl
Me and him and you - we went to the same school
This ain't cool... I'm in a rage
He's tapping my mom and we're almost the same age
On the microphone I drop bombs
Look at this car... 'Thanks a lot Mom!'
"Here and happy birthday Rabbit! Here's a brand new car lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. Dr Dre 50 Cent Jay-Z Cashis Stat Quo)
It's not about lyrics anymore it's about a hot beat and a catchy hook
If we gotta dumb down our style and ABC it
Then so be it
.Cause nowadays these kids jeez
Don't give a shit about lyrics
All they wanna hear is a beat and that's it
Long as they can go to the club and get blitz
Pick up some chicks and get some digits
And the DJ's playing them hits
Oh this my jam this my shit
We don't know a word to a verse
All we know is the chorus
'Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us
And the songs ginormous the whole formula's switched
'Cause we don't know anymore what are hits
Is it the beat is it the rap?
Is it a finger snap or the same 808 clap?
And how do we adapt and get TRL votes
When 13 year olds control the remote
And Ashley's got a brand new nose
We gotta put some new emphasis on our syllables
If the emphasis on the compact disc isn't the beat
Than I'm gonna feature EM and get rich
And let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Ro
'Cause everywhere I go they love the bling bling flow
Bang bang look at the way my chain glow
The ring on my fing' cost Jermaine a lot of dough oh
The fuck am I busting my brain for?
It's just the way the game go oh it takes 2 to tango
You call this a lame flow
You bought the shit
I guess you to blame too
I just found the angle
No more reality flow
I'm tryna time my album dropping with a reality show
Cock the Mac 11 in front of Hot 97
And call my publicist tell her 
No one gives a shit except some kids who just got into sex on the Internet
So you want the chat room or the house of Malibu Em?
Your emphasis is on the wrong syllable
They said 30's the new 20
Funny must mean 40's the new 30
Interesting 'cause ever since then it's been innocence
An extension for veteran rappers that are better than half
Of the shit coming out right now
It's all trash
The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed
Jay said it's his last and 50 and Em
Then what? Detox drops what we got then
So now our whole camps is running around scrambling over what to do
Gambling everytime we put a record out
Just looking for that hook
(Wait Dre look)
Shorty I love you
And you love me too
We were meant to be 'cause shorty
You love me
And I love you too
And I promise I'll be true to you
Go shorty it's your birthday
You made it just in time to hear my wordplay
It's the kid that flip flows who used to flip O's
And run G for days used to see how I get hoes
I'm international I get my dick licked round the globe
I'm sick right into shows riding on lolo's
Puffing on coco my bitch in Manolo's
Don't fuck with the dodo's that's slang for dumb hoes
I playing I ain't got time to joke joke
You fuck around you could get your ass smoked lock
It's not a game me B I ain't playing
Beat behind me playing so you ain't hear anyway
You don't hear what I'm saying
Me fin-nini-na
Fee-fi-dididee-yay
Just give me my check and I'll be on my way
Sunny bunny money and funny
You ain't even listening and I just took your money
There once was a time everywhere he turned
Shady aftermath was all you heard
But they say 50 sang too much
And Em got soft
And they say Dre just fell the fuck off
Well fuck the s
All y'all eat salt be mad we bad fresh up outta the vault oh!
New syllables eat ball you fucks off's
Your house your bitch I'm getting sucked off
East south midwest even up north
Falling victim to wax spitting bring out the white chalk
All for the gingerbread we get it and get lost
Catch me if you can I'm running past while y'all walk
Shady made me for bringing it back
For the history of rap
It's gone with a snap a sneer and a clap
What happened to just spitting about living in the motherfucking city you at
In the grimiest condition I breath in drama
King Mathers and Cash me that's freak karma
I'm everything anything you could never be
It's a hitting rhyme in the month deep
I speak with a piece no peace on my mind
I repeat every evil deed done of mine
No rest contest contract to sign
By blood I'm in this squad for life
Hear out my wind pipes and I just chime
I'm the reason you guys won't say that line
I'm crazy renegade like Em and Jay-Z
I'm Rosemary's baby I want you to hate me
Shorty I love you
And you love me too
We were meant to be cause shorty
You love me
And I love you too
And I promise I'll be true to you
It is not about lyrics anymore
It is not about lyrics anymore
It's about a hot beat a hot beat
It's about a hot beat a hot beat
A hot hot hot beat
And a catchy hook
A hot hot hot beat
And a catchy hook
Nobody gives a damn about them syllables sillyle-ables whatever they are
I don't care if you gotta rhyme smo joe lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Don't ask me what's up with the hoes
I'm still working the kinks out
Love stinks that explains all this anger that's spillin' out
And I ain't chillin now
I got an Oscar I'm still a grouch
I use it as a doorstop and the prop
For the broken leg for the couch
Yelawolf Shady Tony touch Slaughterhouse
Yeah the swat team bout to break them flyswatters out
Go to hell in a drought break ice waters out
Nice try shorty what? We can window shop
The jewelry store
But Christ for that price coulda bought a house
Besides only thing I ever had iced out was my heart since I started out
It's F.Y.I if ya ain't knowing
What go with you? Where? Nah ain't going.
Oh wait you want a date oh? Well in that case ho it's June 8 oh
Kinda like Beethoven composin' a symphony of hate
So much hate woved into these raps
Shit I'm beginning to hate clothing
I hate overalls because they remind me of hoes
For christ sake they're shaped like a H woah and
You know what else starts with H though?
Hockey shit thought I had the place flowing
I hate to put you on ice but
You already had 3 periods in 60 minutes great going
Plus you remind me of cocaine ho
You always in the mirror with your face off
I feel an urge to put you all in a line
And chop you with a razor blade yo wait
I'm an a-hole devil with a Halo
Hell yeah I nailed J-Lo to the railroad
Say I won't better hope you can stay afloat
When I take the wind out your sail boat
I ain't playing yo! Go for Shady don't kid yourself
Bitch lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Now I don't really care what you call me
You can even call me cold
These bitches know as soon as they saw me
Its never me to get the privilege to know
I roll like a desperado
Now I never know where I'm gonna go
Still I ball like there's no tomorrow
Until its over and its all she wrote
Your staring straight into a barrel of hate Terrible fate
Not even a slim chance to make a narrow escape
Cupid shot his arrow and missed
Wait Sarah you're late your train left.
Mascara and eggs smeared on your face
Nights over goodbye hoe
I thought that I told ya' the spilled nut ain't nothing to cry over
Never shoulda' came within Range of my Rover
Shoulda' known i was trouble soon as I rolled up
Any chick who's dumb enough out there I blind fold her
She still comes back to my crib Must want me to mess with her mind hold up.
She must've took me for some high roller.
But i wont buy her a soda Unless it's rock n' rye cola. 
Buy you a bag of fritos I wouldn't let u eat the fucking chip on my shoulder.
If you was bleach and I was hair I wouldn't dye for ya
Tryna pull 5 bucks from me is like tryna pulling 5 molars
You get your eyes swole up I'm on my straight grizzly
So why would i buy you a gay ass teddy bear bitch you're already bi-polar
Now I don't really care what you call me
You can even call me cold
These bitches know as soon as they saw me
Its never me to get the privilege to know
I roll like a desperado
Now I never know where I'm gonna go
Still I ball like there's no tomorrow
Until its over and its all she wrote
Man TIP told me on this hoe tip
Best tip I could give you to hip you
Never let these traits trick you
Mighty ambiguous of you to think I love slut shit
Dig you a hole
Take the shovel and dig you some dignity bitch
Shit you talk about some advice that sticks with you
If I should listen to anyone tell me to stick to my guns
Like double stick its you but fuck it TIP it's cool
I'm chillin like a Villain
Like the penguin in it's fucking igloo eating fudgesicles
I'd rather slip and fall in shit than fall in love with you
before I tie a fucking knot I'd tie you in one bitch
you think this is some Nintendo game how fucking dumb is you
I'll give you some mumps before I split some lump sums with you
So here's a penny for your thoughts but it won't buy you a cheeseburger although a nickle might just get you one pickle
Fuck it its official so blow the whistle I got a trust issue
there's a bombshell scud missile
Like I just cuss at you to fucking cuss at you
Like before I rapped I was some motherfucking stud
Slut this will teach you not to come drunk stumbling my way fo shizzle
I still live like I bought you the Gilbert slot checks stob bizzle
So fuck scissors these checkers are bust like a blood blister
Now I don't really care what you call me
You can even call me cold
These bitches know as soon as they saw me
Its never me to get the privilege to know
I roll like a desperado
Now I never know where I'm gonna go
Still I ball like there's no tomorrow
Until its over and its all she wrote
Yeah I guess life is a bitch ain't it TIP
And each one thinks 
Shirt off my back I wouldn't give you the dirt off my handkerchief
I'm giving these hoes a dose of there own medicine
Let em get a good taste of it
I'm sure you got that relationship memo by now
But in case you didn't
This is so bad lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
How the fuck he got an Oscar?
Passed out in his red Mazda
With his fucking head in his pasta
In the parking lot of k-mart plaza
Across from the red lobster
Looking like the Lochness monster
Dressed like a cross-dressed mobster
Talk is cheap it costs less to gossip
Iíd probably be a lot less
Hostile if you snots kept your shnozzes out the airholes
Or get fucked in all seven holes
Ass mouth pussy lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Its all bad now man its all bad
But yal done fucked up now
Yeah ha ha new shit hey yo
I just want the whole world to know:
That I did not start this but I will finish it
Comin up it never mattered what color you was
If you could spit then you could spit thats it thats what it was
Back when motherf*ckers was straight back packin
Cypherin fightin for life in this rap
for the mic to get past and you psyched and you gasped
and you hyped cuz you last and you might whoop some ass
If you lost then you lost shake hands like a man
and you swallowed it when the unsigned hype column
at The Source was like the only source of light
When the mics used to mean somethin a four was like
you were the shit now its like the least you get
three and a half now just means you a piece of shit
four and a half or five means you Biggie Jigga Nas
or Benzino I dont think you even realize
you playin with motherf*ckers lives I done watched Dre
get ****ed on The Chronic probably cuz I was on it
Now you fucked me outa my mics twice I let it slide
I said I wouldnt hold my f*cken breath to get a five
Sh*t I was right Ida f*ckin died already tryin
I swear to God I never lie I bet thats why
you let that b*tch give me that bullsh*t review
I sat and took it I aint look at the sh*t we knew
You'd probly try to f*ck us with Obie and 50 too
F*ck a relationship we through
No more Source with street cred them days is dead
Dre's got A-Ks to Dave May's head
Every issue there's an eight page Made-Mens spread
Will somebody please tell whoever braids his head
That I am not afraid hes just a f*ckin waste of lead
on my pencil for me to write some sh*t this simple
So listen closely as I break it down and proceed
This old Gs bout to get smoked like rolled weed
You dont know me or my motherf*ckin mother you motherf*ckin punk
Put me on your fuckin cover just to sell your little sell out mag
I aint mad I feel bad heres an ad heres a poster of Ray-Ray and his dad
You wanna talk about some sh*t that you dont know about? ya
Lets talk about how your puttin you own son out there
To try to eat off him cuz you missed your boat
Your never gonna blow b*tch your just too old
No wonder your sore now lordy your bored now
Im pushin thirty your kickin fourty's door down
B*tch this is war now and youl never beat me
all you do is cheat me out of QUATABLES but you know
that youl always see me on your TV
Cuz you gotta stay up till three in the mornin
To see your video played once on bet
So he-he-he who has the last laugh?
Aftermath ya so on behalf on our whole staff
kiss our ass-hole cracks we'll never fold or hold back
Just know that Benzinos wack
no matter how many times I say his name hell never blow jack
Your better off tryin to bring R-S-O back
Look at your track record thats how far it goes back
Its extortion n Ray own's a proportion
so half of the staff up there is fresh outta jail from boston
Bullyin and bossin Dave like a slave they've completely brainwashed him
And forced him to stay locked in his own office afraid of the softest
fakest wannabe gangster in New York
And its pitiful cuz I would have never said sh*t to you if you'd have kept your mouth shut
B*tch now what? Hit it Clue spit it Slay
New sh*t exclusive yo Lantern Whoo Kid
You know what to do with this: use it
Im through this is stupid lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
It's the calm before the storm right here
Wait how was I gonna start this off?
I forgotÖ oh yeah
That's an awfully hot coffee pot
Should I drop it on Donald Trump? Prob'ly not
But that's all I got 'til I come up with a solid plot
Got a plan and now I gotta hatch it
Like a damn Apache with a tomahawk
I'ma walk inside a mosque on Ramadan
And say a prayer that every time Melania talks
She gets a mouóahh I'ma stop
But we better give Obama props
'Cause what we got in office now's a kamikaze
That'll prob'ly cause a nuclear holocaust
And while the drama pops
And he waits for shit to quiet down he'll just gas his plane up and fly around 'til the bombing stops
Intensities heightened tensions are risin'
Trump when it comes to giving a shit you're stingy as I am
Except when it comes to having the balls to go against me you hide 'em
'Cause you don't got the fucking nuts like an empty asylum
Racism's the only thing he's fantastic for
'Cause that's how he gets his fucking rocks off and he's orange
Yeah sick tan
That's why he wants us to disband
'Cause he can not withstand
The fact we're not afraid of Trump
Fuck walkin' on egg shells I came to stomp
That's why he keeps screamin' 
'Cause he's in quicksand
It's like we take a step forwards then backwards
But this is his form of distraction
Plus he gets an enormous reaction
When he attacks the NFL so we focus on that in
-stead of talking Puerto Rico or gun reform for Nevada
All these horrible tragedies and he's bored and would rather
Cause a Twitter storm with the Packers
Then says he wants to lower our taxes
Then who's gonna pay for his extravagant trips
Back and forth with his fam to his golf resorts and his mansions?
Same shit that he tormented Hillary for and he slandered
Then does it more
From his endorsement of Bannon
Support for the Klansmen
Tiki torches in hand for the soldier that's black
And comes home from Iraq
And is still told to go back to Africa
Fork and a dagger in this racist 94-year-old grandpa
Who keeps ignoring our past historical deplorable factors
Now if you're a black athlete you're a spoiled little brat for
Tryna use your platform or your stature
To try to give those a voice who don't have one
He says "You're spittin' in the face of vets who fought for us you bastards!"
Unless you're a POW who's tortured and battered
'Cause to him you're zeros
'Cause he don't like his war heroes captured
That's not disrespecting the military
Fuck that! This is for Colin ball up a fist!
And keep that shit balled like Donald the bitch!
Well if he does build it I hope it's rock solid with bricks
'Cause like him in politics I'm using all of his tricks
'Cause I'm throwin' that piece of shit against the wall 'til it sticks
And any fan of mine who's a supporter of his
I'm drawing in the sand a line you're either for or against
And if you can't decide who you like more and you're split
On who you should stand beside I'll do it for you with this:
Fuck you!
The rest of America stand up!
We love our military lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Only reason I dissed you in the first place
is cause you denied seein me
Now I'm pissed off
Sit back homie relax in fact grab a six-pack
Kick back while I kick facts yeah Dre sick track
Perfect way to get back wanna hear somethin wick-wack?
I got the same exact tat that's on Nick's back
I'm  now oh gee
Is that supposed to be me in the video with the goatee?
Wow Mariah didn't expect you to go balls out
Bitch shut the fuck up 'fore I put all them phone calls out
you made to my house when you was  before Nick
When you was on my dick and give you somethin to smile about
How many times you fly to my house still tryin to count
Better shut your lyin mouth if you don't want Nick findin out
You probably think cause it's been so long
if I had somethin on you I woulda did it by now
Oh on the contrary Mary Poppins I'm mixin our studio session down
and sendin it to masterin to make it loud
Enough dirt on you to murder you
This is what the fuck I do Mariah it ever occur to you
that I still have pictures? However you prefer to do
and that goes for Nick too faggot you think I'm scurred of you?
You're gonna ruin my career you better get one
Like I'ma sit and fight with you over some slut bitch cunt
that made me put up with her psycho ass over six months
And only spread her legs to let me hit once
Yeah what you gonna say I'm lucky? Tell the public 
that I was so ugly that you fuckin had to be drunk to fuck me?
Second base what the fuck you tell Nick pumpkin?
The second week we were dry humpin that's gotta count for somethin
Listen girly surely you don't want me to talk about
how I nutted early cause I ejaculated prematurely
And bust all over your belly and you almost started hurling
and said I was gross go get a towel your stomach's curling
Or maybe you do but if I'm embarrassin me I'm embarrassin you
And don't you dare say it isn't true
As long as that song's gettin airplay I'm dissin you
I'm a hair away from gettin carried away and gettin sued
I was gonna stop at 16 that was 32
This is 34 bars we ain't even third of the way through
"Damn Slim Mariah play you" Mariah who?
Oh did I say whore Nick? I meant a liar too
Like I been goin off on you all this time
for no reason girl you out your alcoholic mind
Check your wine cellar look at the amounts of all the wine
Like I fuckin sit around and think about you all the time
I just think this shit is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme
But fuck it now I'm 'bout to draw the line
And for you to cross it that's a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb
I can describe areas of your house you wouldn't find
on an episode of "Cribs" a blow below the ribs
If I hear another word so don't go openin your jibs
Cause every time you do it's like an overload of fibs
I ain't sayin this shit again hoe you know what it is
It's a warnin shot 'fore I blow up your whole spot
Call my bluff and I'll release every fuckin thing I got
Including the voicemails right before you flipped your top
when me and Luis were tryin to stick two CD's in the same slot
{} I love you too
Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear boo
Now what you say? {} Yeah so what I'll do
is refresh your memory when you said {}
Now should I keep goin or should we call truce?
{"You think you're cute right?"} You bet your sweet ass I do
{"I'm Mary Poppins B"} And I'm Superman ooh
{} Comin at you
So if you'll still be my {}
Then I'll still be your {}
{} Yeah I'm right here
{} Nope not anymore dear
It cuts like a {} when I tell you get a {}
But I'm movin on with mine Nick is that your {}
Well tell her to shut her mouth then I'll leave her alone
If she don't {} then I'ma just keep goin
Damn
"I see Mary Ann Mary Ann's sayin cut the tape
Cut the tape lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
I am going up
I am going all the way through the fire
I get up and go higher 
So please donít bring me down
And nothing is gonna bring me down
I am going all the way thru the fire
I will get up and then go higher
So please donít knock me down
And nothing is gonna knock me down
Now I ainít got no kids yet
But this one here is for practice
I hate to get the seats in Benz wet.
But thatís how good your ass is.
Make an old man get his glasses.
Make Wesley pay his taxes
Then follow ur moves all weak on Twitter
Probably make a gay nigga consider.
You rocking now with the best Mayne. 
Dress game down to the sex game
Wonít brag but the boy has been blessed with the blessed mayne
Let you play with the stick ovechkayne.
Sheís calling sheís texting
Sheís falling but let me explain
Gotta tell your old boyfriend 
Skate girl
Cauz a nigga donít play them ex games.
No! Straight sexing
No handcuffs or arresting
And I ainít coming off my last name.
Cauz I really canít take no stressing
Bout where I done been
Who I done hit
Your home girl saying 
Heís a bad boy
Bout where I done been
Who I done hit
Your home girl saying 
Heís a bad boy
She said
I heard you got a main chick
A mistress and some hoes
You be up to no good
And every body knows
I canít get enough of what you got
Good god
You hit the spot
Tried to let go but I just could not
So donít you stop I need that
Hey globetrotter
Cole hotter
Either way
Out in London town
Hoes holla Cauz they love my sound
And I got love for the underground.
Kweli pimp C hot town
Where bun gets down
Met a bad bitch 
Thatíll cut all night
Thatíll suck all night
You just lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
(feat. 50 Cent 2Pac)
Sometimes you just feel tired feel weak
When you feel weak you feel like you just wanna just give up
But you gotta search within you try and find that inner strength
And just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation not to give up
And not be a quitter no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face.
Till I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em
Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em
Cause when I am not then I'm a stop pinnin' 'em and
I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts when I'm a stop sendin'
'em women are caught in webs spin 'em and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not
Get the illin' to stop amoxacillin's just not real enough
Now don't think I won't hit you cause I'm popular
I got a P-90-Roog that'll pop at ya
Catch you slippin' I'm a give ya what I got for ya
My clip loaded for 16 shots for ya
Ya'never had a hot gun on ya waist or blood on ya shoes
Cause a nigga went and said the wrong shit to you
Homie you ain't been through
What I been through
You not like me
And I'm not like you
I'm like a animal when I spit it's crazy
Got semi-autos that put wholes in niggas tryna play me
One shot is not enough you need at least an oozie to move me
After 4 bottles of don
The kid start feelin' woozie
I write my life
You write what you've seen in gangsta movies
I'm gangsta to the core nigga you can't move me
I find my space at the top
I got this rap shit locked
I've never heard of you
You've heard of me I'll murder you
Spit shells at your convertable
As long as you notice
Richard Poor hallows still go through ya door
This is war
You scared of me
Your not prepared for me
The Kid is back
50 Cent I know you like that
The criminal cop killin' hip-hop villiana
Minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
Your comin' with me feel it or not you're gonna fear it
Like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us
You hear it a lot lyrics to shock
Is it a miracle
Or am I just a product of pop fizzin' up?
Fa shizzel my wizzel this is the plot
Listen up
You bizzels forgot slizzel does not give a fuck
Till the roof comes off
Till the lights go out
Till my legs give out
Can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out
And my high burn out
I'm a rip this shit till my bones collapse
Till the roof comes off
Till the lights go out
Till my legs give out
Can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out
Am I high perhaps?
I'm a rip this shit till my bones collapse
Music is like magic there's a certain feelin'
You get when you're real and you spit and people are feelin' ya shit
This is your moment
And every single minute you get try'n hold on to it
'cause you may never get it again
So while you're in it try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over
Just admit when it's at it's end
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit gets in
I got a list
Here's the order of my list that it's in -
It goes Reggie Jay-Z Tupac... 
Where my thugs at
Huh increase the doses bustin whoever closest
Thug livin hell or prison never losin my focus
I'm makin money moves manditory
In a discussion my past records tell a story
Picture niggaz we rushin and still bustin
Til the cops come runnin duck in abandoned buildings
Ditchin my gun homeboy the motherfuckin villain
I live the lifestyles of drug dealers but now legit list
So I laugh til I cry when the law come get me
No baby momma drama nigga miss me why plant seeds
In a dirty bitch waitin to trick me not the life for me
Livin carefree til I'm buried - and if they dare me
I'm bustin on niggaz until they scurry I'm clearly
A man of military means in my artillery
Watchin over me through every murder scene
From adolescence to my early teens thought we was gonna die
Sellin dope to all the fiends at times I wanna cry
And still we try to change the past in vain
Never knowin if this game'll last feelin ashamed
Of cocaine the product of the devil am I sellin my soul?
Got tired of small time livin niggaz tellin me no
I got MINE FUCK THEM OTHER SUCKERS that's the mentality
Jealous-ass bustaz 
I know you niggas been waiting for this shit for a long time
Well here it is nigga here it is
No insanity plea for me I ride the beef til I burn
Sensimilla bar your kids from the lessons I learned
And in turn I'm hostile guess you could call me anti-social
Niggaz shakin like they caught the holy ghost when I approach em
Try to politic before I smoke em like Sun Zu
Niggaz do unto these snitches before it's done to you
And if the cops come arrest me in the evening
Best believe they comin for my dogs in the mornin
And if I die by a slug the death of a true thug
Tell me will my niggaz mourn me? Gettin blowed out
High watch me murder the bird before he testify
Strikes walkin close to my third I live a trouble life
And if you dream be a part of my team
From Long Beach to Queens drug dealers to ex-fiends
Keep yo' eyes on the prize nigga watch for bustaz
Soon as a verse starts I eat at an MCs heart what is he thinkin'
About to go against me? smart
And it's absurd how people hang on every word
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served my
Spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave Earth
That would be the death of me first
'cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could
Ever be worse that's why I'm
Clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic I act like
I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack
Like I'm Kim Mathers
But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers
So this is like a full blown attack I'm launchin'
At them the track is on some
Battlin' rap who wants some static
'Cause I don't really think that the fact that
I'm Slim matters
A plaque and platinum status is wack if I'm not the baddest
Until the roof 
The roof comes off 
Until my legs 
Give out from underneath me
I I will not fall lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yo speed racer 97' burgundy Blazer
Wanted for burglary had to ditch the mercury tracer
I'm on some low ish 
I'm fed up wit the being broke ish
I'm not to joke wit
Bitch I don't sell crack I smoke it
My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits
Too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets
Loosing battles to wack rappers 'cause I'm always too blunted
Walkin' up in the cypher smokin' talkin' like 
Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it
My 9's at your frameis that your chain? Run it
Who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor?
Aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your Progressive pager
Spectacular battle rap manufacturer
Stole your mom's Acura wrecked it then sold it back to her
 )
The doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics 
I'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you 
and I'ma make sure you come back for it
So barricade your infants put up some extra fences
A woman beater wanted for repeated sex offenses 
..Take em' on long vacation trips
Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships
Mess up your face and lips
Slit your stomach and watch your gut split
Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit )
Mama don't you cry your son's too far gone
I'm so high I don't even know what label I'm on
I'm messed up feelin' like an over worked plumber
I'm sick of the crap lyrics
Eminem Lyrics
Yeah yeah
Tricky
Let's show 'em some love
Welcome to Detroit
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome you to Detroit City
I said Welcome to Detroit City
Every place everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's what's good man they all say Tricky
Click click boom just as soon as we hit the room
You can hear 'em holla Goon Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Goon Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Runyon Ave. in this bitch
So who am I gonna call on when I ain't got them boys with me
And the situation gets a little sticky
I'ma dial 911 like a motherfuckin' punk fuck that bla bla
I'ma call that rude boy from Detroit Trick Trick
Quick come pick me up bring them guns
Come to the club meet me out front
There's some chump up in this bitch
Poppin' some junk cause he's drunk
And we may have to fuck his ass up
Cause uh somethin' smells a lil' fishy
And I don't like the way his boys keep lookin' at me
So homie come get me Chedda boys what up though I see you
Rock Bottom yeah I see you all my Detroit people
Where you at man let me see them hands in the sky
Detroit motherfuckers 'till we die
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome you to Detroit City
I said Welcome to Detroit City
Every place everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's what's good man they all say Tricky
Homie it's been a long time comin' and I'm straight with that
Marshall call me the fifty ?? and laced the track
This the beat you hear it bangin' he produced it himself
My bad almost forgot to introduce myself
My name is Trick Trick head of the Goon Squad
And gangsta been bangin' the underground since '95 we're bangin'
Elected to be the villain and certified a menace
Holdin' it down since I paroled up outta prison
You heard about me you just didn't know it was me
All the treacherous evil deeds of the D you never see
Pickin' that kid up in the game I just wasn't chasin' the fame
I been chasin' the paper product and givin' lames the pain
Accusations of violence you know you done heard of that
A quarter of a million dollars for beatin' a murder rap
And my boy holdin' me up Shady done put it out
Trick Trick and Eminem Detroit back in the house
Ayo Em you ever need one of these weapons come get it
From now on every beef that you get in homie I'm in it
I been ridin' for this city whether wrong or right
I been whippin' on motherfuckers for the longest time
So it's evident it's time for Trick to get it fast
The public see they appreciate my criminal past
Authorities tried to stop me but they couldn't keep up
Got a fan-base that's bigger then an average star
I'm satisfied with it bein' my time to shine
And I freak from the precinct for violent crimes
I ain't sayin' the shit that I'm sayin' so girls can fear me
Only speakin' on what I know so the world can hear me
So peace to Jimmy and Dre for signin' my nigga
He reached back to Detroit and grabbed a winner
So the gangstas and thugs we embrace with love
And beat the hell outta anybody that fuck with us
Yeah Trick Trick
Eminem Wonder Boy Shady
It's goin' down baby
Ayo Em lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
This is dedicated to the niggaz that was down from day one
Welcome to Death Row
... like we always do about this time
Ha haa haaa haaa yeah nine deuce
Death Row Records creepin while you sleepin'
Niggaz with attitudes no loc' niggaz on a motherfuckin mission
What up niggaz and niggettes
That crazy-Ass-niggaz is back in the motherfuckin hizzouse
Yeah and notorious Compton G
D-R-E on a solo tip fuck them other fools
Whattup Ren
Yeah droppin Chronic flakes on your ass bitch
West Coast flavor niggaz who talked shit
Get dealt with real quick
So if you wanna take a trip to the Row
Let a nigga like Snoop Doggy Dogg know
Protected by niggaz with big dicks AK's and 187 skills
So if it's must you test us
We can handle it the streets nigga fuck makin records
Yeah G's up hoes down
If that bitch can't swim she bound to drizzown
Peace to my nigga Drizzae another platinum hit nigga
Peace to The D.O.C still makin it funky enough
And Death Row Records is in full motherfuckin effizzect
Aww yeah P.S.
Fuck Mr. Roarke and Tattoo A.K.A. Jerry and Eazy
Sincerely yours deeez motherfuckin nuuutz
I don't love Eazy
I don't love Jerry
I don't love Ruthless Records
Frankly I don't love nothin they got to do with
But... but... but you know what I what you do for me
Jerry and Eazy check this shit right here
I want y'all to put this bizzalls in your jizzaws
And walk them like a strizzaw tell me what you sizzaw
Yeah you know what you know what
Fuck all y'all fuck y'all really though
It's Death Row nigga
You better ask somebody you really better ask somebody
Yeah yeah yeah I don't know them no more
Yeah nigga lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Ha yeah hell yeah ha knowhatI'msayin
Yeah Mista Busta where the fuck ya at?
Can't scrap a lick so I know ya got your gat
Your dick on hard from fuckin your road dogs
The hood you threw up with niggaz you grew up with
Don't even respect your ass
That's why it's time for the doctor to check your ass nigga
Used to be my homey used to be my ace
Now I wanna slap the taste out yo mouth
Nigga bow down to the row
Fuckin me now I'm fuckin you little hoe
Oh don't think I forgot let you slide
Let me ride just another homicide
Yeah it's me so I'ma talk on
Stompin on the 'Eazy'est streets that you can walk on
So strap on your Compton hat your locs
And watch your back cause you might get smoked loc
And pass the bud and stay low-key
B.G. cause you lost all your homey's love
Now call it what you want to
You fucked wit me now it's a must that I fuck wit you
Yeah that's what the fuck I'm talkin about
We have your motherfuckin record company surrounded
Put down the candy and let the little boy go
You knowhatI'msayin punk motherfucker
(We want Eazy we want Eazy)
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Doggy Dogg's in the motherfuckin house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Death Row's in the motherfuckin house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The sounds of a dog brings me to another day
Play with my bone would ya Timmy
It seems like you're good for makin jokes about your jimmy
But here's a jimmy joke about your mama that you might not like
I heard she was the 'Frisco dyke
But fuck your mama I'm talkin about you and me
Toe to toe Tim M-U-T
Your bark was loud but your bite wasn't vicious
And them rhymes you were kickin were quite bootylicious
You get with Doggy Dogg oh is he crazy?
With ya mama and your daddy hollin' Bay-Bee
So won't they let you know
That if you fuck with Dre nigga you're fuckin wit Death Row
And I ain't even slangin them thangs
I'm hollin' one-eight-seven with my dick in yo mouth beeyatch
Yeah nigga Compton and Long Beach together on this motherfucker
So you wanna pop that shit get yo motherfuckin cranium cracked nigga
Step on up. Now we ain't no motherfuckin joke so remember the name
Mighty mighty D-R. Yeahhh MOTHERFUCKER!
Now understand this my nigga Dre can't be touched
Luke's bendin over so Luke's gettin fucked busta
Musta thought I was sleazy
Or though I was a mark cause I used to hang with Eazy
Animosity made ya speak but ya spoke
Ay yo Dre whattup check this nigga off loc
If it ain't another ho that I gots ta fuck with
Gap teeth in ya mouth so my dick's gots to fit
With my nuts on ya tonsils
While ya on stage rappin at your wack-ass concerts
And I'ma snatch your ass from the backside
To show you how Death Row pull off that who-ride
Now you might not understand me
Cause I'ma rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami
Then we gon creep to South Central
On a Street Knowledge mission as I steps in the temple
Spot him got him as I pulls out my strap
Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat
You tryin to check my homey you better check yo self
Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself MOTHERFUCKER
Yeah nigga...
Yeah nine-deuce
Dr. Dre dropin chronic once again
It don't stop Punishing punk motherfuckers real quick like
Compton style nigga
Doggy Dogg in the motherfuckin house yeah
Long Beach in the motherfuckin house yeah
Yeah straight up really doe
Breakin all you suckaz off somethin real proper like
YouknowhatI'msayin?
All these sucka ass niggaz can eat a fat dick
Yeah Eazy-E Eazy-E Eazy-E can eat a big fat dick
Tim Dog can eat a big fat dick
Luke can eat a fat dick lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Creepin' down the back street on Deez
I got my glock cocked cuz niggaz want these
Now soon as I said it seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a tech 9 tryin' to take mine
ya wanna make noise make noise
I make a phone call my niggaz comin' like the Gotti boys
bodies bein' found on Greenleaf
with their fuckin heads cut off motherfucker i'm Dre
so listen to the play-by-play day-by-day
rollin' in my '4 with 16 switches
And got sounds for the bitches clockin' all the riches
Got the hollow points for the snitches
So would you just walk on by cuz I'm too hard to lift
and no this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfuckin D-R-E from the CPT
on a ryhmin' spree a straight G
Hop back as i pop my top ya trip
I let the hollow points commence to POP POP POP
yeah cuz if it don't stop
I have to put my shit in reverse go back and take anothers stop
Cause I'm 
with all the niggaz sayin 
Swing down sweet chariot stop and let me ride
hell yeah
Swing down sweet chariot stop and let me ride
with all the niggaz sayin
Swing down sweet chariot stop and let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down sweet chariot stop and let me ride 
just another motherfuckin day for Dre so I begin like this
No medallions dreadlocks or black fists it's just
that gangster glare with gangster raps
that gangster shit that makes the gang of snaps uhh
word to the motherfuckin streets
and word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats that I
hit ya with that I get ya with
as I groove in my four on deez hittin the switches
bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on
bumpin like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on
but before I hit the dope spot
I gotta get the chronic the Reme Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smellin like indo-nesia
bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
on my dick cause my four on hit
pancake front and back side to side and all that shit
So when I crawl I comes correct
Now if your bitch in my shit it's your bitch you check nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip a nigga trip to the south side yeah
 with all the bitches sayin 
Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slausson
on my way to the strip now I'm just flossin
Checkin my rearview cause niggaz they will do
jack moves black fools cause I smack fools
Try to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
but I don't represent no gangbang
Some niggaz like lynchin but I just watch them hang
so on and so-on why don't you let me roll on
I remember back in the dayz when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak; now everybody
peepin out they windows when they hear me beatin up the streets
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say every single motherfuckin day lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Snoop Doggy Dogg RBX Dat Nigga Daz)
I'ma say this and I'ma gettin mine. If you ain't down for the Africans
here in the United States period point blank. If you ain't down for the
ones that suffer in South Africa from apartheid and shit. Devil you need to
step your punk ass to the side and let us brothers and us Africans step in
and start puttin some funk in that ass 
Break em off sometin 
I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why
But livin in the city it's do-or-die
They wonder where me bailin and don't really understand
The reason why they take me life and me ???? hand
Me not out for peace and me not Rodney King
Me gun goes click me gun goes bang
Them riot in Compton and them riot in Long Beach
Them rion in they Lakers and don't really wanna see
niggaz start to loot and police start to shoot
Lock it down at seven o'clock then again it's like Beirut
Me don't show no love cuz it's us against them
Them never ever love me cuz it's sport to break de
and kill at my own risk if I may
Delay to spray with my AK and put it to rest 
Yes we have. There have been riots ahh rioting well I don't wanna say
rioting but there's been looting downtown but right now Bree what I want
to show you is they have started fires down at the end of the street 
 How many niggaz are ready to lose?
 Yeah so what you wanna do?
 What you wanna do?
 I said how many niggas are ready to lose
 Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9 
Nobody told us today in otherwords 
You're still a slave. No matter how
much money you got you still ain't shit 
Sittin in my livin room calm and collected 
Feelin mad gotta get mine respected
cuz what I just heard broke me in half
and half the niggaz I know plus the niggaz on the Row is bailin
Laugh now but cry much later
Ya see when niggas get together they get mad cuz they can't fade us
Like my niggas from South Central Los Angeles
They find that they couldn't handle us
Bloods Crips on the same squad
with the Ese's thumpin nigga it's time ta rob and mob
(And break the white man off somthin lovely biddy-bye-bye
I don't love dem so they can't love me)
Yo straight puttin down gettin my scoot on
Let's jump in off in Compton so I gots ta get my loot on
and come up on me some furniture or sometin
Got a VCR
in the back of my car
that I ganked from the Slauson Swap Meet
And motherfuckers better not try to stop me
Cuz they will see that I can't be stopped
Cuz I'ma cock my Glock and pop til they all drop 
There has been videotape and you can see of the aah some of the crowd
throwin things at the officers
And swingin at them as well. Like there was a young woman there. You see
she took a swing at an officer with some object in her hand 
 How many niggaz are ready to lose?
 Yeah so what you wanna do?
 What you wanna do?
 I said how many niggas are ready to lose
 Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9 
I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why
But livin in the city it's do-or-die
One-time trigger happy no nigga love
187 time time to grab the glove
Can't get prints so a 9 I throw away
or get prints so my Uzi witta spray
POP POP POP another motherfucker drop
And I get relived like *?Bop Bop says?*
smash I crashed his head like a window
I ain't no dead do' I'm high off the indo
Creepin with the quickness to the cut
Bust one to his head while he munches on that donut
And cracker so now he best to back up
I guess I gots ta pack up fillin the clip up I zip up-
town the motherfuckin cops are all around
Helicopters flyin
These motherfuckers tryin
to catch me and stretch me on Death Row
but hell no's the poor black refuse to go 
This is now coverin a very very wide area of Los Angeles where these
fires have been aah ignited. I mean from here to the aah to the south
end of South Central is a long way 
Break em off sometin 
The outcome of this is destruction so the more fall
Niggaz don't give a fuck so tem bust and before
niggaz backin up three black shows
No justice so they copied ya right
and here I am again me turn the other cheek me
Be too many wigs got me 9 to my tights
so me bust flick cuz he don't give a fuck
and me don't give a fuckin of my problems
In with their FUCK FUCK 
Blak blam blam to dem fall
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy DoggG lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
G
One two three and to the fo'
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the do'
Ready to make an entrance so back on up
Gimme the microphone first so I can bust like a bubble
Compton and Long Beach together now you know you in trouble
Ain't nothin' but a G thang baby!
Two loc'ed out G's so we're crazy!
Death Row is the label that pays me!
Unfadable so please don't try to fade this 
But uh back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is perfected so I'm 'a let 'em understand
From a young G's perspective
And before me dig out a bitch I have ta' find a contraceptive
You never know she could be earnin' her man
And learnin' her man and at the same time burnin' her man
Now you know I ain't wit that shit Lieutenant
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it
 And that's realer than real-deal Holyfield
And now you hookas and ho's know how I feel
Well if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
Dre creep to the mic like a phantom
Well I'm peepin' and I'm creepin' and I'm creep-in'
But I damn near got caught 'cause my beeper kept beepin'
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt
So sit back relax and strap on your seat belt
You never been on a ride like this befo'
With a producer who can rap and control the maestro
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know and I know I flow some ol' funky shit
To add to my collection the selection
Symbolizes dope take a toke but don't choke
If ya' do ya' have no clue
O' what me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and who gives a fuck about those?
So jus' chill 'til the next episode
Fallin' back on that ass with a hellified gangsta' lean
Gettin' funky on the mic like a' old batch o' collard greens
It's the capital S oh yes the fresh N-double O-P
D-O-double G-Y D-O-double G ya' see
Showin' much flex when it's time to wreck a mic
Pimpin' ho's and clockin' a grip like my name was Dolomite
Yeah and it don't quit
I think they in a mood for some motherfucking G shit
So Dre. 
We gotta give 'em what they want (What's that G?)
We gotta break 'em off somethin' 
And it's gotta be bumpin' 
It's where it takes place so I'm a ask your attention
Mobbing like a motherfucker but I ain't lynching
Droppin' the funky shit that's making the sucker niggas mumble
When I'm on the mic it's like a cookie they all crumble
Try to get close and your ass'll get smacked
My motherfucking homie Doggy Dogg has my back
Never let me slip 'cause if I slip then I'm slippin'
But if I got my Nina then you know I'm straight trippin'
And I'm a continue to put the rap down put the mack down
And if your bitches talk shit I have ta' put the smack down
Yeah and ya' don't stop
I told you I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock
But I'm never off always on 'til the break dawn
C-O-M-P-T-O-N and the city they call Long Beach
Puttin' the shit together
Like my nigga D.O.C. no one can do it better
Like this that and this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and who gives a fuck about those
So jus' chill lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
[Hook: Dre Daz & Snoop]
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check one
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check two
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check three
 Check game from the notorious Compton G 
Back with some shit that gots to bump
As a pull up in the park you pops the trunk
Just to floss you like a motherfuker clownin' their shit
Gots the Dana's on your hootie and your fly ass bitch
Throw off go off show off I take that hoe
If she proper I'ma pop her the hole hopper
It's back on the track
With big money big nuts and a big fat chronic sack 
So Daz step up on the ass
And give these motherfuckers a blast from the past 
Diggidy Daz out of the cut with some shit that I wrote
With my nigga D-R-E so you know I must be dope
But uh rat-tat-tat-tat that ass
Startin' static with Dre make way for the AK
That I bring as I slang like cavy
Not from Kris Kross but they call me Mac Daddy
Had he not known about the city I'm from
Long Beach tic tac grab your gat watch your back
Here I come stompin' in my kakhi suit
BG from the hood can fuck Eastwood
God damn I ripped up flipped up and skipped up
On top of things as they swing towards my ding-a-ling 
But did you raise up all this nuts?
Cause Dr. Drizzay's about to rizzip shit up 
[Hook: Dre Daz & Snoop]
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check one
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check two
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check three
 You tuned to the sounds of the D-R-E 
Now check me out it's back to the old school
Where the niggaz get their strap on don't nobody cap on
Slap on some D-R-E
Or some funky ass shit by the D-O-double G-Y D-O-double G
Real G'z who drop K's protect these N-U-T so nigga please
Peep out my manuscript
You'll see that it's a must I drop gangsta shit
 So recognize game from the gangsta
Thangs will remain the same until I change 'em 
It's real easy to see
So you can check sounds from Nate D-O-double G 
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong motherfuckin day
Here we go toe to toe flow for flow
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong motherfuckin day
Here we go toe to toe lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
This is dedicated to the niggaz that was down from day one
Welcome to Death Row
... like we always do about this time
Ha haa haaa haaa yeah nine deuce
Death Row Records creepin while you sleepin'
Niggaz with attitudes no loc' niggaz on a motherfuckin mission
What up niggaz and niggettes
That crazy-Ass-niggaz is back in the motherfuckin hizzouse
Yeah and notorious Compton G
D-R-E on a solo tip fuck them other fools
Whattup Ren
Yeah droppin Chronic flakes on your ass bitch
West Coast flavor niggaz who talked shit
Get dealt with real quick
So if you wanna take a trip to the Row
Let a nigga like Snoop Doggy Dogg know
Protected by niggaz with big dicks AK's and 187 skills
So if it's must you test us
We can handle it the streets nigga fuck makin records
Yeah G's up hoes down
If that bitch can't swim she bound to drizzown
Peace to my nigga Drizzae another platinum hit nigga
Peace to The D.O.C still makin it funky enough
And Death Row Records is in full motherfuckin effizzect
Aww yeah P.S.
Fuck Mr. Roarke and Tattoo A.K.A. Jerry and Eazy
Sincerely yours deeez motherfuckin nuuutz
I don't love Eazy
I don't love Jerry
I don't love Ruthless Records
Frankly I don't love nothin they got to do with
But... but... but you know what I what you do for me
Jerry and Eazy check this shit right here
I want y'all to put this bizzalls in your jizzaws
And walk them like a strizzaw tell me what you sizzaw
Yeah you know what you know what
Fuck all y'all fuck y'all really though
It's Death Row nigga
You better ask somebody you really better ask somebody
Yeah yeah yeah I don't know them no more
Yeah nigga lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Ha yeah hell yeah ha knowhatI'msayin
Yeah Mista Busta where the fuck ya at?
Can't scrap a lick so I know ya got your gat
Your dick on hard from fuckin your road dogs
The hood you threw up with niggaz you grew up with
Don't even respect your ass
That's why it's time for the doctor to check your ass nigga
Used to be my homey used to be my ace
Now I wanna slap the taste out yo mouth
Nigga bow down to the row
Fuckin me now I'm fuckin you little hoe
Oh don't think I forgot let you slide
Let me ride just another homicide
Yeah it's me so I'ma talk on
Stompin on the 'Eazy'est streets that you can walk on
So strap on your Compton hat your locs
And watch your back cause you might get smoked loc
And pass the bud and stay low-key
B.G. cause you lost all your homey's love
Now call it what you want to
You fucked wit me now it's a must that I fuck wit you
Yeah that's what the fuck I'm talkin about
We have your motherfuckin record company surrounded
Put down the candy and let the little boy go
You knowhatI'msayin punk motherfucker
(We want Eazy we want Eazy)
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Doggy Dogg's in the motherfuckin house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Death Row's in the motherfuckin house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The sounds of a dog brings me to another day
Play with my bone would ya Timmy
It seems like you're good for makin jokes about your jimmy
But here's a jimmy joke about your mama that you might not like
I heard she was the 'Frisco dyke
But fuck your mama I'm talkin about you and me
Toe to toe Tim M-U-T
Your bark was loud but your bite wasn't vicious
And them rhymes you were kickin were quite bootylicious
You get with Doggy Dogg oh is he crazy?
With ya mama and your daddy hollin' Bay-Bee
So won't they let you know
That if you fuck with Dre nigga you're fuckin wit Death Row
And I ain't even slangin them thangs
I'm hollin' one-eight-seven with my dick in yo mouth beeyatch
Yeah nigga Compton and Long Beach together on this motherfucker
So you wanna pop that shit get yo motherfuckin cranium cracked nigga
Step on up. Now we ain't no motherfuckin joke so remember the name
Mighty mighty D-R. Yeahhh MOTHERFUCKER!
Now understand this my nigga Dre can't be touched
Luke's bendin over so Luke's gettin fucked busta
Musta thought I was sleazy
Or though I was a mark cause I used to hang with Eazy
Animosity made ya speak but ya spoke
Ay yo Dre whattup check this nigga off loc
If it ain't another ho that I gots ta fuck with
Gap teeth in ya mouth so my dick's gots to fit
With my nuts on ya tonsils
While ya on stage rappin at your wack-ass concerts
And I'ma snatch your ass from the backside
To show you how Death Row pull off that who-ride
Now you might not understand me
Cause I'ma rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami
Then we gon creep to South Central
On a Street Knowledge mission as I steps in the temple
Spot him got him as I pulls out my strap
Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat
You tryin to check my homey you better check yo self
Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself MOTHERFUCKER
Yeah nigga...
Yeah nine-deuce
Dr. Dre dropin chronic once again
It don't stop Punishing punk motherfuckers real quick like
Compton style nigga
Doggy Dogg in the motherfuckin house yeah
Long Beach in the motherfuckin house yeah
Yeah straight up really doe
Breakin all you suckaz off somethin real proper like
YouknowhatI'msayin?
All these sucka ass niggaz can eat a fat dick
Yeah Eazy-E Eazy-E Eazy-E can eat a big fat dick
Tim Dog can eat a big fat dick
Luke can eat a fat dick lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Creepin' down the back street on Deez
I got my glock cocked cuz niggaz want these
Now soon as I said it seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a tech 9 tryin' to take mine
ya wanna make noise make noise
I make a phone call my niggaz comin' like the Gotti boys
bodies bein' found on Greenleaf
with their fuckin heads cut off motherfucker i'm Dre
so listen to the play-by-play day-by-day
rollin' in my '4 with 16 switches
And got sounds for the bitches clockin' all the riches
Got the hollow points for the snitches
So would you just walk on by cuz I'm too hard to lift
and no this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfuckin D-R-E from the CPT
on a ryhmin' spree a straight G
Hop back as i pop my top ya trip
I let the hollow points commence to POP POP POP
yeah cuz if it don't stop
I have to put my shit in reverse go back and take anothers stop
Cause I'm 
with all the niggaz sayin 
Swing down sweet chariot stop and let me ride
hell yeah
Swing down sweet chariot stop and let me ride
with all the niggaz sayin
Swing down sweet chariot stop and let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down sweet chariot stop and let me ride 
just another motherfuckin day for Dre so I begin like this
No medallions dreadlocks or black fists it's just
that gangster glare with gangster raps
that gangster shit that makes the gang of snaps uhh
word to the motherfuckin streets
and word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats that I
hit ya with that I get ya with
as I groove in my four on deez hittin the switches
bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on
bumpin like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on
but before I hit the dope spot
I gotta get the chronic the Reme Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smellin like indo-nesia
bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
on my dick cause my four on hit
pancake front and back side to side and all that shit
So when I crawl I comes correct
Now if your bitch in my shit it's your bitch you check nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip a nigga trip to the south side yeah
 with all the bitches sayin 
Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slausson
on my way to the strip now I'm just flossin
Checkin my rearview cause niggaz they will do
jack moves black fools cause I smack fools
Try to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
but I don't represent no gangbang
Some niggaz like lynchin but I just watch them hang
so on and so-on why don't you let me roll on
I remember back in the dayz when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak; now everybody
peepin out they windows when they hear me beatin up the streets
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say every single motherfuckin day lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Snoop Doggy Dogg RBX Dat Nigga Daz)
I'ma say this and I'ma gettin mine. If you ain't down for the Africans
here in the United States period point blank. If you ain't down for the
ones that suffer in South Africa from apartheid and shit. Devil you need to
step your punk ass to the side and let us brothers and us Africans step in
and start puttin some funk in that ass 
Break em off sometin 
I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why
But livin in the city it's do-or-die
They wonder where me bailin and don't really understand
The reason why they take me life and me ???? hand
Me not out for peace and me not Rodney King
Me gun goes click me gun goes bang
Them riot in Compton and them riot in Long Beach
Them rion in they Lakers and don't really wanna see
niggaz start to loot and police start to shoot
Lock it down at seven o'clock then again it's like Beirut
Me don't show no love cuz it's us against them
Them never ever love me cuz it's sport to break de
and kill at my own risk if I may
Delay to spray with my AK and put it to rest 
Yes we have. There have been riots ahh rioting well I don't wanna say
rioting but there's been looting downtown but right now Bree what I want
to show you is they have started fires down at the end of the street 
 How many niggaz are ready to lose?
 Yeah so what you wanna do?
 What you wanna do?
 I said how many niggas are ready to lose
 Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9 
Nobody told us today in otherwords 
You're still a slave. No matter how
much money you got you still ain't shit 
Sittin in my livin room calm and collected 
Feelin mad gotta get mine respected
cuz what I just heard broke me in half
and half the niggaz I know plus the niggaz on the Row is bailin
Laugh now but cry much later
Ya see when niggas get together they get mad cuz they can't fade us
Like my niggas from South Central Los Angeles
They find that they couldn't handle us
Bloods Crips on the same squad
with the Ese's thumpin nigga it's time ta rob and mob
(And break the white man off somthin lovely biddy-bye-bye
I don't love dem so they can't love me)
Yo straight puttin down gettin my scoot on
Let's jump in off in Compton so I gots ta get my loot on
and come up on me some furniture or sometin
Got a VCR
in the back of my car
that I ganked from the Slauson Swap Meet
And motherfuckers better not try to stop me
Cuz they will see that I can't be stopped
Cuz I'ma cock my Glock and pop til they all drop 
There has been videotape and you can see of the aah some of the crowd
throwin things at the officers
And swingin at them as well. Like there was a young woman there. You see
she took a swing at an officer with some object in her hand 
 How many niggaz are ready to lose?
 Yeah so what you wanna do?
 What you wanna do?
 I said how many niggas are ready to lose
 Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9 
I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why
But livin in the city it's do-or-die
One-time trigger happy no nigga love
187 time time to grab the glove
Can't get prints so a 9 I throw away
or get prints so my Uzi witta spray
POP POP POP another motherfucker drop
And I get relived like *?Bop Bop says?*
smash I crashed his head like a window
I ain't no dead do' I'm high off the indo
Creepin with the quickness to the cut
Bust one to his head while he munches on that donut
And cracker so now he best to back up
I guess I gots ta pack up fillin the clip up I zip up-
town the motherfuckin cops are all around
Helicopters flyin
These motherfuckers tryin
to catch me and stretch me on Death Row
but hell no's the poor black refuse to go 
This is now coverin a very very wide area of Los Angeles where these
fires have been aah ignited. I mean from here to the aah to the south
end of South Central is a long way 
Break em off sometin 
The outcome of this is destruction so the more fall
Niggaz don't give a fuck so tem bust and before
niggaz backin up three black shows
No justice so they copied ya right
and here I am again me turn the other cheek me
Be too many wigs got me 9 to my tights
so me bust flick cuz he don't give a fuck
and me don't give a fuckin of my problems
In with their FUCK FUCK 
Blak blam blam to dem fall
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy DoggG lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
G
One two three and to the fo'
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the do'
Ready to make an entrance so back on up
Gimme the microphone first so I can bust like a bubble
Compton and Long Beach together now you know you in trouble
Ain't nothin' but a G thang baby!
Two loc'ed out G's so we're crazy!
Death Row is the label that pays me!
Unfadable so please don't try to fade this 
But uh back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is perfected so I'm 'a let 'em understand
From a young G's perspective
And before me dig out a bitch I have ta' find a contraceptive
You never know she could be earnin' her man
And learnin' her man and at the same time burnin' her man
Now you know I ain't wit that shit Lieutenant
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it
 And that's realer than real-deal Holyfield
And now you hookas and ho's know how I feel
Well if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
Dre creep to the mic like a phantom
Well I'm peepin' and I'm creepin' and I'm creep-in'
But I damn near got caught 'cause my beeper kept beepin'
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt
So sit back relax and strap on your seat belt
You never been on a ride like this befo'
With a producer who can rap and control the maestro
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know and I know I flow some ol' funky shit
To add to my collection the selection
Symbolizes dope take a toke but don't choke
If ya' do ya' have no clue
O' what me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and who gives a fuck about those?
So jus' chill 'til the next episode
Fallin' back on that ass with a hellified gangsta' lean
Gettin' funky on the mic like a' old batch o' collard greens
It's the capital S oh yes the fresh N-double O-P
D-O-double G-Y D-O-double G ya' see
Showin' much flex when it's time to wreck a mic
Pimpin' ho's and clockin' a grip like my name was Dolomite
Yeah and it don't quit
I think they in a mood for some motherfucking G shit
So Dre. 
We gotta give 'em what they want (What's that G?)
We gotta break 'em off somethin' 
And it's gotta be bumpin' 
It's where it takes place so I'm a ask your attention
Mobbing like a motherfucker but I ain't lynching
Droppin' the funky shit that's making the sucker niggas mumble
When I'm on the mic it's like a cookie they all crumble
Try to get close and your ass'll get smacked
My motherfucking homie Doggy Dogg has my back
Never let me slip 'cause if I slip then I'm slippin'
But if I got my Nina then you know I'm straight trippin'
And I'm a continue to put the rap down put the mack down
And if your bitches talk shit I have ta' put the smack down
Yeah and ya' don't stop
I told you I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock
But I'm never off always on 'til the break dawn
C-O-M-P-T-O-N and the city they call Long Beach
Puttin' the shit together
Like my nigga D.O.C. no one can do it better
Like this that and this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and who gives a fuck about those
So jus' chill lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
[Hook: Dre Daz & Snoop]
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check one
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check two
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check three
 Check game from the notorious Compton G 
Back with some shit that gots to bump
As a pull up in the park you pops the trunk
Just to floss you like a motherfuker clownin' their shit
Gots the Dana's on your hootie and your fly ass bitch
Throw off go off show off I take that hoe
If she proper I'ma pop her the hole hopper
It's back on the track
With big money big nuts and a big fat chronic sack 
So Daz step up on the ass
And give these motherfuckers a blast from the past 
Diggidy Daz out of the cut with some shit that I wrote
With my nigga D-R-E so you know I must be dope
But uh rat-tat-tat-tat that ass
Startin' static with Dre make way for the AK
That I bring as I slang like cavy
Not from Kris Kross but they call me Mac Daddy
Had he not known about the city I'm from
Long Beach tic tac grab your gat watch your back
Here I come stompin' in my kakhi suit
BG from the hood can fuck Eastwood
God damn I ripped up flipped up and skipped up
On top of things as they swing towards my ding-a-ling 
But did you raise up all this nuts?
Cause Dr. Drizzay's about to rizzip shit up 
[Hook: Dre Daz & Snoop]
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check one
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check two
 Chiggie check
 Microphone check three
 You tuned to the sounds of the D-R-E 
Now check me out it's back to the old school
Where the niggaz get their strap on don't nobody cap on
Slap on some D-R-E
Or some funky ass shit by the D-O-double G-Y D-O-double G
Real G'z who drop K's protect these N-U-T so nigga please
Peep out my manuscript
You'll see that it's a must I drop gangsta shit
 So recognize game from the gangsta
Thangs will remain the same until I change 'em 
It's real easy to see
So you can check sounds from Nate D-O-double G 
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong motherfuckin day
Here we go toe to toe flow for flow
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong motherfuckin day
Here we go toe to toe lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Snoop Doggy Dogg Dat Nigga Daz)
Wake up jumped out my bed
Hung in a 2 man cell wit my homie Lil 1/2 Dead
Murder was the case that they gave me
Dear God I wonder can you save me
I'm only 18 so I'm a young buck
It's a ride if I don't scrap I'm getting stuck
But that's the life of a G I guess
Ese's way deep shanked two in they chest
Bests run 'cause brothers is dropping quicker
Ugn too late damn down goes another nigga
Bouncing off the walls throwing them dogs
Getting a rep as a young hog
It ain't nuttin like the street life
Betta be strapped wit yo clip cuz ain't no fist fight
So I guess I gots ta handle mine
Since I did the crime I gots ta do my time 
Lil' ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto streets
What'cha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility 
Now I'm 'trolling the dove sitting on swoll
27 years old off on parole stroll
I'm back up on my feet wit my mind on the money
That I'm making as soon as I touch the street
Things done changed but it's alright
Remember they used to thump but now they blast right
But it ain't no thing to me
'Cause now I'm what they call a loced-assed O.G.
The little homies from the hood wit grip
Are the ones I get wit 'cause I'm down respect trip
Nigga I'm bigger than you so what'cha wanna do
Didn't know we had a 22
Straight sitting behind his back
I'm grab his pockets and then I heard six caps
I fell to the ground wit blood on my hands
I didn't understand
How a nigga so young could bust a cap
I use to be the same way back
I guess that's what I get 
For trying to jack them little homies for they bread 
Lil' ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto streets
What'cha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility 
Something for the real OG's to get wit
Some facts made our made now you wanna run and play
Like every single day really doe
You know me I'm the smooth macadamien gaming them for my homie
No need to be uncalm if you pack right
And learning just enuff to keep your sack right
Late nights I wonder what they getting fo'
Early morning on the corners what they hitting fo'
Seven young G's but they serve down
In a jeep ride east side what they swerve now
Not thinking about what's really going on
Got crept on stepped on now they gone
I spent 4 years in the county wit nutting but convicts around me
But now I'm back at the pound
And we expose ways for the youth to survive
Some think it's wrong but we tend to think it's right
So make all them ends you can make
'Cause when you're broke you break check it out
So ain't no need for your mama to trip
'Cause you's a hustling ass youngsta lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Who is the man with the masterplan?
A Nigga Witta motherfucking Gun!
44 reasons come to mind
Why you motherfucking brothers hard to find.
He be walkin' on the streets and fuckin' with mine.
Stupid punk can't fuck with a mastermind.
See I never take a step on a Compton block
Or LA without the AK ready to pop.
'Cause them punk motherfuckers in black and white
Ain't the only motherfuckers I got to fight.
I think it's better to retellin' the facts than cuffed up
And jacked and fucked up.
What you niggas looking at? You do in...
Goddamn 'cause it's the city.
And for a youth to survive a nigga gotta be a gangster.
And I'm a nigga you can't remove.
Took out a lot of motherfuckers for tryin' to prove
To their homies they can hang by dealin' with me.
But once again in the end they D-E-A-D.
I never did time on a murder yet.
'Cause I relax and back do a job and jet.
Yo I know you understand my flow
So here we go when Death Row
Come. Let a motherfucker know...
D-R-E! A motherfucker who's known for carryin' gats
And kick raps that make snaps.
Adapts to anything violent that I'm located at.
If you see me on the solo moves believe that I'm strapped.
44 .38 or AK 47.
'Cause Mo' live with Charlie Sheen.
You want a stairway to heaven?
Just put my finger on the trigger and pull back
And lay a punk motherfucker flat.
As he wonder what popped before he got popped
I told you I was Dre and you know it don't stop.
Now I know you understand my flow
So here we go when Death Row
Come. Let a motherfucker know...
I break some off. I break some off.
Yeah I break some off. I break some off.
Yeah I break some off.
But I ain't speakin' about between the thighs.
I'm talkin' about cockin' a guage in between your eyes.
That'll make you drop to your knees 'cause you realise
That a gat will make any nigga civilised.
Old buster ass nigga talkin' bullshit.
Don't know that I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with.
Get lit or hit up by the doctor.
A nigga to break some off properly.
Real G.
So don't doubt it.
I'm the one who's doin' it
While these other niggas talk about it.
And if motherfuckers come at me wrong
I straight put my 44 Desert Eagle to his motherfucking dome.
And show him why they call me the notorious one.
The name is Dre Eastwood when I'm packin' a gun.
You don't believe me wanna step up and give it a try.
And if you die you's a buster 'cause real niggas don't die.
But some still don't hear me though.
You're too ninny not to hear me nigga lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Snoop Doggy Dogg RBX)
You really don't understand do you?
Hey man don't you know
In order for us to make this thing work
We gotta get rid of the pimps and the pushers and then start
All over agian clean 
NIGGAZ you crazy! 
Once again
The mighty Death Row organization commitin' mass murder
And we ain't askin for shit nigga we takin'
It so Dre BLAST they ass nigga 
Rat-tat-tat-tat late at night with my gat
On the streets of LA
Wonderin' where the pussy at
Staright for ya looking for a hoe
Hangin' out rollin in my '64
16 swicthes for the niggaz in my hood
17 shells so I make it understood
Stay back lay back way back in the cut
Ya come outside nigga ya gettin' fucked up
But I told ya Creep Creep ya best move
Like Luthor Vadros fuckn' up the west coast
I'm right back up in ya when ya nut
1-2-3 nut from the D-R-E but
This is for the hoes that I used to know
When I didn't have my '64 and a lot of doe
I keep ya this and like that
And I... 
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
 Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that and I..
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
 Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that and I..
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back 
Ohh wait that's that nigga that owe ya that grip
Yathere that fool is
Break him off proper then
What's up what's happinin'?
I'm the man what's up?
Nigga you delinquent can I get those in?
Nigga pay this nigga here
Well yo check this out nigga
What's up *slaps around some guy that owes them money*
What's up?
What's up?
Ya motherfucker
(I'll be back though I'll be back)
Ya you ain't never comin' back fool 
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
 Yeah nigga
 Rat-tat-tat-tat like that and I..
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
 Rat-tat-tat-tat like that and I..
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
 Rat-tat-tat-tat like that and I..
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
 Rat-tat-tat-tat like that and I..
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back 
Creepin and peepin' and I can get with these
The chronic slangin' fat keys from my block
And it don't stop
Tell me where ya wanna go
To the strip
Or take a trip bawlin' with the row
My shit off in ya system
Indo smoke in ya lungs like that
And you can lift it on and a fist a bomb
Takin' away like hell at Veitnam 
California back in and on a mission makin a point
Ain't no fuckin' competition
they wish they was a runnin' up in reality
C-P-T CAL my locality
It's strage how I re-arange and change the buisness
By droppin' shit like this
Dope ya can't cope with the real
I peal in the penatentaries and when I kill it goes... 
 Rat-tat-tat-tat like that and I... 
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
 Rat-tat-tat-tat like that and I..
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
 Rat-tat-tat-tat like that and I..
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
 Rat-tat-tat-tat like that and I..
 Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back 
Straight up now you niggaz know where my homey's comin' from
so quit the chit-chat before ya find yourself flat on your biz-out fool
it's 9-deuce Dr. Drizzay lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Lady Of Rage Kurupt RBX)
This should be played at high volume
Preferably in a residential area 
Now I'ma kick up dust
As I begin to bust
On the wick-wack fucked up suckers you can't trust
When I pick up I lick up ya face get smacked up
when I rack up so all you motherfuckers just pack up
Or get slapped with the swiftness
If you think you're swift then forget Merry Christmas
Now stuff that in your stocking
I'm knockin em out the box 'n'
Knockin em out their sock 'n'
Cuz Robin is rockin
Breakin em down to the slab
Takin em down on their ass
Now what you wanna do? Ya wanna battle huh?
See ya watch and creak without a motherfuckin paddle
Rattle that brain I'm not that same ol' plain Jane
We're on you like a border you're nothin more than a crane
Or a pebble take it from the real rap rebel
Not Bushwick Bill but I can take it to that other level
You think you got pull then pull it uhh!
I got the trigger so I figure you'll bite the bullet
Then bite the dust and wipe the fuck
Do what I must and what I must is bust
The bubble or choose some trouble forty-due's
So stick to my Luger Lady of Rage is comin thru 
 - (Some cool shit some cool shit)
I fears no one I makes em cool off like a ploar cap
Lynchin as I hits misses the ?rollin back?
Pushin packs to make a profit
Diggy dope stuck on the topic so stop and gimme my pops kid
I'm livin large like a fat bitch
So get back bitch I'm hard to broke art so the faggots
This young black kid I'm mercenary merciless
Murderin mega some niggas so who's first to diss
They say I'm bad so you'll find none worst than this
Chewin motherfuckers up like a Hershey Kiss
Put to sleep rippin the lyrics I'm leavin ??? ???
Rough wind flex too complex wrecks then I'm peace
So feel the wrath nigga I rip in half niggas
Ya quick ta talk shit I whip your ass nigga
So watch me blast nigga cuz I'm the last nigga
ya wanna fuck wit so up your cash nigga
I make stagger ob' skills and jimmy ragged
Home in and drag her sit wit ya girl and watch me tag her
Pullin steel like a stunt
Sold like an ID card nigga no needs ta front so
here to torment up a track on crack
and I'm strapped witta semi-toll milli-ten Mac
Yo I breaks em off I breaks em off cheap
Deadly as Jason on Friday The 13th 
Back in the days niggas they use to scrap
but now in ninety-due' niggas they pull they strap
Cuz umm police dem come wicked and dem shoot
Niggas so niggas retaliate and start to loot
Execute boom stompin black soldier
Here ta teach and mould ya
The ennerator dominator narrator RB to the motherfuckin X
Flex wicked styl-e bompin be found into greed by a
Maniac with a gat
See nowadays niggas is like that
I pull my trigger back the bullets go
BOP BOP BOP now I'm on Death Row
Fuck it niggas goin wild everynight they shoot
It's like Beirut
Maybe you should get a teflon vest for your chest
Anytime ya step into my hood
But that'll do you know good
One slug to ya face no hate you gettin smoked like wood
Nasty nigga but he pumps lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. RBX Dat Nigga Daz Lady Of Rage)
Yo yo whut sup?
Yo man give me some of that ol' gangsta shit y'knowhutI'msayin?
Some shit I can just kick back to smoke a fat ass joint to
YouknowhutI'msayin? He hahahahahahaha
Hell yeah! You know what I'm talkin about?
I like that ol' gangsta shit
Cuz you know it's a lot of niggas out there
woofin all that bullshit talkin 'bout they got this and got that
Talkin louder than a motherfucker but ain't sayin shit
Heh y'knowhutI'msayin?
(Dem come witta dem come witta dem come wit da wickedness)
Yeah nigga I see your lips quiverin 
But you ain't sayin a motherfuckin thing
For my niggas I got my niggas in the motherfuckin he-ouse
and they gon' tell yo' what's really goin on
Got my motherfuckin nigga RBX...definitely in this motherfucker
I got my nigga Daz in this motherfucker ready to kick some real shit
Y'knowhutI'msayin?
And that lil' shit cha hear in the background that's my homegirl Rage
So RBX kick this shit 
Seven execution style murders
I have no remorse cuz I'm the fuckin murderer
Haven't you ever heard of a killer?
I drop bombs like Hiroshima
So now I walk around strapped
One-time bust they caps and watch niggas collapse
Snap! Adapt to this but you need no adapter
This is just the first chapter
in a book from a crook
You get caught slippin yo' ass gots ta die
Nigga tell me what the fuck you figure?
Trigger? Happy RBX to cap ya
POP POP and I can't wait to bust a pound
POP POP my hollow points smacks the clown
Cuz what I said split his head
And now they got me runnin from the feds
But I refuse to go alive
It's kill or be killed lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Kurupt Lady Of Rage RBX Snoop Doggy D)
Yes it is I says me
And although me
By morning three cause they're weak
Yes yo! I'm in the house now for sure
Because I wanna talk about the hearts of men
Who knows what evil lurks within them
But lets take a travel down the blindside
And see what we find on this...
Path...
Called... 
Stranded on Death Row so duck when I swing my shit
I get rugged like Rawhead Rex with fat tracks that fits
The gangsta type what I recite's kinda lethal
Niggaz know the flow that I kick there's no refill
I'm murderin niggaz Yo and maybe because of the tone
I kicks my grip the mic and kick shit
Niggaz can't fuck with
So remember I go hardcore and slam
Nuff respect like a sensei ba-bash like Van Damme
So any nigga that claim they bossin
What don't you bring your ass on over to Crenshaw and Slauson
Take a walk through the hood and we up to no good
Slangin on things like a real ho
G should I'm stackin and mackin and packin a ten so
When you're slippin I slip the clip in
But ain't no steady tripppin
Cause it's Death Row rollin like the mafia
Think about whoopin some ass but what the fuck stoppin ya
Ain't nathin but a buster
I'm Stranded on Death Row for pumpin slugs in motherfuckers
Now you know you're outdone
Feel the shotgun Korrupt inmate cell block one 
No prevention from this mention of sorts
Your're a victim from my driveby of thoughts
No extensions all attempts are to fail
Blinded by the light it's time you learn braile
From the lunatic I death like arsenic
When I kick up wicked raps
That the grain will hit the scratch
With treachery my literary form will blast
And totally surpass the norm
Not a storm plural make it many storms
When I'm vexed I fly leg necks and arms
In this dimension I'm the presenter
And the inventor and the tormentor
Deranged like the hillside strangler
MC mangler tough like Wrangler
I write a rhyme hard as concrete
Step to the heat and get burned like mesquite
So what you wanna do
The narrator RBX cell block two 
Rage lyrical murderer
Stranded on Death Row
And now I'm servin a lifetime sentence
There'll be no repentence
Since it's the life that I choose to lead
I plead guilty
On all counts let the ball bounce where it may
It's just another clip into my AK
Buck em down with my underground tactics
Facts and stacks of clips on my matress
Bed frame there's another dead pain
Layin lain with the shame who's to blame
Me the lady of Rage
On when I'm comin from the D-E-A-T-H in
R-O-W takin no shit
So flip and you're bound to get dropped
It's 187 on motherfuckers don't stop
Handcuffed as I bust there'll be no debate
It's Rage from cell block eight 
And yo steppin through the fog
And creepin through the smog
It's the number one nigga from the hood Doggy Dogg
Makin videos now I stay in Hollywood
Bustin raps for my snaps now they call me Eastwood
Dre is the doctor and my homey little nigga
Warren G is my hand and my hand's on the trigga
Shootin at the hoes with the game that I got
Sent to death row cause I wanted to make a quick one servin my rocks
And I'm still servin for mines peace
To my motherfuckin homies doin time
In the pen and the county jail
Mobbin with your blues on mad as hell
And you say yeah fuck the police
And all the homies on the streets is all about peace
And it's drivin the cops crazy
But ain't nuttin but a black thing bay-bee uhhh
No I'm not flaggin but I'm just saggin
I betcha don't wanna see the D-O double G
And you can't see the D-R to the E
Or my motherfuckin homey D.O.C.
You know you can't fuck with my motherfuckin DJ
That's my homey and we call him Warren G
Yeah and you don't stop
Doggy Dogg break em down with the motherfuckin Dogg Pound
That's the only way we'll beat em man
We gotta smoke em then choke em
Like the motherfuckin peter man
It's like three and to the two
And two and to the one
Cell block four peace Doggy Dogg's done 
Yo now you know the path I'm on
You think you're strong see if you can travel on
Cause only the weak will try to speak
Those who are quiet lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. RBX Emmage Ruben Dat Nigga Daz The Lady of Rage Jewell)
Cannabis Sativa ha ha or in the heart of L.A. known as the Chronic
Not to be confused with the Bionic
Even though it does cost six million dollars
Man understand ah ha ha
Now we're working with some new improved shit on this track
Nevertheless not no stress sucker ass niggaz!!
So now we're gonna move on and uhh...
Light a big fat one up for the world; and hit this
Once or twice and you'll be twice as nice get it?
This is the Chronic ahh hha hha
Play that motherfucker out there nigga!!
[Chorus: Emmage Daz Dillinger & Jewell]
Make my Bud the Chronic I wants to get fucked
Make my shit the Chronic I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb I want the Chronic
I gots to get fucked up
Make my Bud the Chronic before I take it home
Stay in my last joint don't fuck with me fool
Pass the bud Who got the dope sacks?
WooooooWheee this is shouting a motherfucker man
 You can take it or leave it nigga
But I need a spliff right now
 Roll this shit up then nigga
And I don't want no Sess brother
It's got to be the Chronic you know what I mean nigga?
 Yeah that's the Chronic
That's the Chronic that's the Bomb bud
 You ain't never lied nigga
Now get me a motherfucking Zig-Zag and we're straight
 Yeah nigga I got some of that
Or better yet a motherfucking blunt 
 I got that shit 
A Philliy blunt that is
 See you dog
[Chorus: Emmage Daz Dillinger & Jewell X2]
Make my Bud the Chronic I wants to get fucked
Make my shit the Chronic I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb I want the Chronic
I gots to get fucked up
Make my Bud the Chronic before I take it home
God damn I'm fucked up!!
 Damn I'm fucked up too
That shit ain't no joke awww shit
No I want no more I want shit
Just leave me alone just let me chill out
And listen to this shit I'm high!
[Chorus: Emmage Daz Dillinger & Jewell X2]
Make my Bud the Chronic I wants to get fucked
Make my shit the Chronic I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb I want the Chronic
I gots to get fucked up
Make my Bud the Chronic before I take it home
That's fucked up what they put in this weed?
That's why they call this shit Chronic
 I think your ass is high
Uhh damn damn damn shit
Fucked up fucked up fucked raises the fuck up
Really though really though
Now I'm cooler than a motherfucker
That shit that shit is that shit's crazy man
I'm high damn that nigga Dre served some shit now..
Oohhhh I'm ready to fuck some shit up now baby
 Ohh you can come on and fuck me up
Hmm hmm triple cheeseburger
 Awww you're just talking about some food
Some fries and motherfucking couple of Sodas and shit
And.. hot apple turnovers and all the old shit nigga
 I'm ready to get my mind on
The Bud smells good than a motherfucker too
I don't want hit no more of that old shit 
That shit is nice to be fucked with
Nice to be fucked with I'm hiiighh
Ohhh nigga you pass that shit to somebody else
Nigga I'm through for the night
Really though really though nigga
Let's go and get some food and get up out this motherfucker
Cause uhh.. no nigga don't be trying to pass me that shit
Nigga I told you I'm cool ohh maddness!
Ha I got another dope sack nigga lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Snoop Dogg Dat Nigga Daz Kurupt Jewel)
 Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks...
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Get the fuck out after you're done
And I hope in my ride to make a quick run...
I used to know a bitch named Eric Wright
We used to roll around and fuck the hoes at night
Tight than a motherfucker with the gangsta beats
And we was ballin' on the motherfucking Compton streets
Peep the shit got deep and it was on
Number one song after number one song
Long as my motherfucking pockets was fat
I didn't give a fuck where the bitch was at
But she was hangin' with a white bitch doin' the shit she do
Suckin' on his dick just to get a buck or two
And the few ends she got didn't mean nothin'
Now she's suing 'cause the shit she be doin' ain't shit
Bitch can't hang with the streets she found herself short
So now she's takin' me to court
It's real conversation for your ass
So recognize and pass to Daz
Now as I'm rollin' with my nigga Dre and Eastwood
Fuckin' hoes clockin' dough up to no good
We flip flop and serve hoes like flap jacks
 Bitch and it's like that
This is what you look for in a ho who got cash flow
You run up in them hoes and grab the cash
And get your dash on
While you're chillin' with your homies and shit
And how my niggaz kick the anthem like this
 Bitch!!
...To the store to get me a 4-0
Snoop Doggy Dogg paged that must mean more hoes
So I head down the street to long beach
Just so I could meet a freak
To lick me from my head to my feet
And I'm here now I'm ready to be done up
Nothin' but homies around so I put my gun up
Bitches on my nuts like clothes
But I'm from the pound and we don't love them hoes
How could you trust a hoe?  Why? 
'cause a hoe's a trick
We don't love them tricks  Why? 
'cause a trick's a bitch
And my dick's constantly in her mouth
And turnin' them trick ass hoes the fuck out
Now...
I once had a bitch named Mandy May
Used to be up in them guts like everyday
The pussy was the bomb had a nigga on sprung
I was in love like a motherfucker lickin' the pearl tongue
The homies used to tell me that she wasn't no good
But I'm the maniac in black Mr. Snoop Eastwood
So I figure niggaz wouldn't trip with mine
Guess what? Got gaffled by one time
I'm back to the motherfucking' county jail
6 months on my chest now it's time to bail
I get released on a hot sunny day
My nigga D.O.C. and my homey Dr Dre
Scooped in a coupe Snoop we got news
Your girl was trickin' while you was draped in your county blues
I ain't been out a second
And already gotta do some motherfucking chin checking
Move up the block as we groove down the block
See my girl's house Dre pass the glock
Kick in the door I look on the floor
It's my little cousin Daz and he's fuckin' my hoe yo
I uncocked my shit... I'm heart-broken but I'm still locked
Man fuck a bitch!
I don't give a fuck about a bitch
But I and her know that they can't fade this
'cause I'm doin my own thingdown with the swang
I'm hangin' with Death Row like it ain't no thing
I say you know can't deal
'cause I'm a bitch that's real
Motherfucker need to step back hell yeah
They need to chill
Because I don't give a fuck
And I don't give a fuck 
And now I gotta do some...
And now I gotta do some shit that's clean
But when I'm on a dick hell yeah lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. RC Sid McCoy)
[Wind Animals and Wild Sounds Coordinating With Beeping Countdown]
This is dedicated to the niggaz that was down from Day 1
..
...Welcome to the Aftermath
 Like We Always Do About This Time!!
 Welcome To The Aftermath!
The Aftermath A second growth the period immediately following an unusual event.
This is brought to you by the makers of funky music
Coming directly to you from the Soul Kitchen
So let's get deep
You ask how deep is deep?
Can I ask you how deep would you like to get?
 The Aftermath Brings To You Some Of The Best Hip-Hop And R&B On The Planet
 We're comin' we're comin' we're comin' 
WE'RE HERE!! 
Watch yourself peep the blow up
From state-to-state we're touchin' home no matter what sign you throw up
Wait we're on some other while you're still slippin'
Bringin' you all bangin' speakers for sparks fly out the car system
Off the tops snatchin' props and the proper the tops we touch
we're hard to knock we got it locked
From every angle of music the different sound view
R&B rap whatever flavor kid it's all new
So let's say we bring it with the EAST! and the WEST!
The final results: The Aftermath touchin' every coast!
So when the bar blows then the DJ spins
And we don't set trip we set trends
Love to the artists in fact they be the smartest if they business is tight
Cuz keep it real means moving the cash markets
And constantly buildin' and stop destroying everything that we touch
And leave somethin' for our children
Whatever it takes to get ya paid yea-yea-yeah keep on doin' it
Keep on doin' it keep on doin' it
And whatever it is that gets ya free yea-yea-yeah
(Gets ya free yeah) keep on doin' it
Keep on doin' it hey keep on doin' it
Whatever it takes to get ya paid yea-yea-yeah
 keep on doin' it
Ya gotta keep doin' it keep on keep on yeah
And whatever it is that gets ya free yea-yea-yeah
(Whatever it is that gets ya free yeah) keep on doin' it
Keep on doin' it Oh yeah ohhhhhhhhh-I
Ya gotta-you gotta keep on doin it doin' it doin' it
Aftermath is gonna keep on doin' it doin' it doin' it lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
East coast  West coast  
While childish MC's battle over coastal fronts 
I come with no fronts and smash in monkey fronts
If you want to be evil like Knieval then jump
I guarantee your punk ass catch the speed lump
The tactics extract morbid thoughts from the mental
custom designed for instrumental
Yes indeedy lyrical graffiti
And this one's a burner baby
Truck like Toyata driven
True and livin drivin with the gat
Uhh pop the clutch let the Cold Crush rush
Then I flush wack material
That's if I don't mash them all to mush
Hush let me burst dare I gush
Cock-diezel cuts
Lyrical arsenal equivalent to arsenic 
East coast  West coast   
Yo why do they make me wanna ruin they career?
Before I bust your shit let's get one thing clear
Don't provoke Kris no joke this
I don't ride no rapper's nutsac yo I stay focused
Beefin without skills seekin will only weaken
The artist speakin over beats and you be cheatin
Cacaphony of small talent rappers claimin a coast
over instrumentals ain't got no real street credentials
Here come the philosopher hip-hopppin ya correctly
Ignorant ass MC's continue to tempt me
Lyrics be empty like Alcatraz cellblock
Too many MC's rappin causin lyrical gridlock
Lyrical syllables interlock in my voicebox
Yet I'm still unknown like the X on Sadat
Just your typical non-topical
Flex the optical illusion weak metaphoric style you be usin
I check one-two's and who's in the house
Like shit your lyrics ooze out ya mouth
Whattyou think this is? KRS-One from the Bronx kid! 
East coast  West coast  
Welcome to the New World Order
You are now under martial law
All constituional rights have been suspended 
The most scandalous cut the bad apple we can handle this
Coast trippin goin on through out the business
East Coast West Coast anybody killer!
I don't give a fuck where you from I'ma Killa Hill-er
I got crews on both sides together
Deeper than the ocean and down for whatever
Fool I can roll through any block
from Central to Westland Avenue without my glock
But some niggaz can't survive on both sides
So they try and break off eliminate ties
Fools got to get wise better realize
True enemy lies killin in the highrise
office analyzing the song
Look at them red niggaz don't even get along
Kill that noise four niggaz bringin the skill
Mad caps get peeled if you oppose the Hill 
Yeah that's right fool you know who the mighty Group Therapy
The mighty mighty Aftermath brigade letting all you sound boys know
You're not ready to rumble or test this
Kill that noise! 
East coast  West coast  
Now when I bomb like Sadaam the world feels The Wrath of Khan
Desert Storm in this modern day Babylon
I be the twelve disciples strap arms
All black on running your spot hit the safe and I'm gone
Like a thief wrong I keep the long 38 warm
Silent and calm and blackout when the beef is on
Focus on your rap holsters notice
I'm evil like the Exorcist to the locusts
Ferocious thoughts are mergin at night
Like Jehovah towards the virgin in white
I'm wrapped in a turban for spite
Like a Israelite snatchin hoes up my flow's up
When the fuckin world blows up throw your hands up
It's a holdup frontin like you down for the real
to make a meal but when plan fold nigga you squeal
like Heavy Heel lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Yes yes y'all ooh funk....
Yes yes y'all to the beat y'all
From the ol schizzy with the yes yizzy y'all
Ooh in come funk
Yes yes y'all to the beat y'all
From the ol schizzy it's the yes yizzy y'all
Ooh notes come wrong 
Dre is chillin Ruff is chillin
What more can I say? 
M-E-L-Man niggas call me Most
I be rockin on the East and the West Coast
Your mail go back like Emmitt Smith's hairline
With Jordache devils and Calvin Kleins
This shit be on my mind like O'Donnells interceptions
How would I look with Mike's complexion
Eat me freak me take your hand and leave me
All I wanna say is 
cos Most he be mega
Copped the Play Station but still play the Sega
and in the PJ's I DJ and blow amps
Bad as ?shrimp stampy? with the food stamps
Huh I'm not a stranger to danger
On the streets I be known as the jaw rearranger
Heavy with the metal Mel-Man rule
White boys say it now "Cool cool cool!!!"
I bring the fizzy that's the obvious
I got a grip but the only clip I load be the floppy disk
In the SP or the MV see three G
Ho's see me comin in 3-D
I spread Lizzy with ten mates
Hit the skins and I break out like an inmate
Hey yo that's how it is and that's how I want it
This is my world and I'm shittin on it 
 Shittin on it
 Shittin on the world
(Here me yeah shittin on the world)
I warm it up like humidity
Mel okay I'm here til infinity
My shit be outta...space with the Ewok
This is my planet but I never wear the Reebok
When we rock to the beat of accapella
Most reigns supreme niggas grab your umbrellas
It's time to bounce so where the player mate?
Jealous MC's still drinkin on that rade
Bitches flirtin with the giggles and chuckles
You'll never get the jezzy bare knuckle
cos I get a tingle in the jimmy after three days in it
Hold up! Back to the clinic
Uhh aah poked your bitch in the eye
then I step like Omega's hifi 
I walk the earth like Moses
Any mackadocious I grew up with no chips
Shows I turn out
I got dough but still call my hos on my burnout
But can't phone long distance
I'm a rich nigga still gettin public assistance
Rockin shit on a task cam
Got MC's talkin 'bout "I love you man"
But you can't get my last bud
or my last dove outta beats we be makin
Dre and M-E-L got the whole Earth quakin
That's how it is and that's how I want it
This is my world and I'm shittin on it 
Yes yes y'all ooh funk...
Yes yes y'all to the beat y'all
From the ol schizzy with the yes yizzy y'all
Ooh in come funk
Yes yes y'all to the beat y'all
Every three days and the El change ???
Ooh lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
DEAD! 
Ha hamighty Aftermath
(Sip a glass of 'gnacreload your nine milli)
Whose soul ever contestDEAD!
In me ear Dre.You hear me now?DEAD!
(Sip a glass of 'gnacreload your nine milli) 
Thought they were moving in and now they wanna cut us wrong
Room for moving inbut that was on-ly mine
They will shake the handnever really seen and only heard
They will shake the handhe is only to heard l-oo-oo-ng
Knick-knackpaddy wack give a dog a bone
Long Beach City I wreck is my zone
I be the solo rollo which means I rule alone
You droop first bloodmother thought you was the lone
Fool now break for ya two
It's called the ol'Rambocatch ambush
I wish you wouldn't moosh like ya wanna come push
I'll dump ya and leave ya stankin in the forest you Gump
Long Beach City-firmly represented
Narrator X is representor
Lyrical the kick make me ya mentor
Freeze MCsdon't ent-or
I'll take like Anne Arden's new chips in wint-or
Or since I'm Sun I'll melt the metaphor
The meatphors are meltinstyle is beltin
I heard a dog yelpin but no helpin 
Blunt time-pull out your philly
Sip a glass of 'gnacreload your nine milli
Dancinpuffinsippin or set trippin
Dimes keep on flippin flippin
Dre's bad beats they Rat-Tat-Tat-Tat
X flex lyric they can't come back
Fact:El-elevantelegant and eloquent no shit
I boots hitsthrow tantrums like Ella Fitz
Nahthe member X but you'll remember X indeedy
Now remember don't contest the 
Got you in spot like Lindscrafter but you try to diss
I burn you like Backdrafter
After that you'll get nothing from me but laughter
Similar to thisHA what's the repertoire-kick deadly wit lyrics
Shot your punk ass like ELEC now it's 
Mighty Aftermath!
Once again.can't hold us back
Refuserefuseyou lose.DEAD!
Attempts wiil be futileit's way to brutal
Hear me now Narrator-to-the-Xtellin anyone who contest
The mighty Aftermath Posse DEAD!
 Exclamation point!
 Ha
 Mighty Aftermath to the 9-7
(Sip a glass of 'gnac my frienddont'cah friend)
(RoowlIIIIIIII don't wanna fight no moreno nooooh)
(Blunt timeblunt timeblunt blunt"Been There Done That" lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
"Been There Done That"
I been there...
Done that
You got guns? we got guns...
Yo I got straps we got straps...
A million muthafuckas on the planet Earth
Talk that hard bullshit 
'Cause it's all they worth... 
No question it's all about the D-R-E.
So if money is the root I want the whole damn tree.
Ain't tryin' to stock around for the Illuminati
Got to buy my own island by the year 2 G...
Since way back I've been collecting my fee
With the 48-tracks and the M-I-C.
Got a palace in the Hills overlooking the sea.
It's worth 8 but I only paid 5 point 3.
Worldwide got the triple beam I slide.
Listenin' to yo demo in a stretch limo.
It's how I ride - cartel style.
Full stacked to the max now.
A million-dollar smile people wonder how.
'Dre Day' every day. Trips to Montigo Bay
with more chips than Frito Lay.
Flossed jewels in a tire ain't nuthin' fly.
Straight or illegal - it's still the root of all evil...
Coz...
Young black Rockerfeller. Hell a swiss and mozarella.
Pockets sweller gettin' money like a bank teller.
'Cause a fool and his dough soon split.
So when you come across a fool get all that she be gettin'.
Ladies get your paper too.
Don't expect for no man to support you.
Keep it true
'Cause most brothers are raised to decide for the pesos.
My woman is independent makin' dough by the case loads.
I'mma keep buildin'... make it killing.
Kick back relax and grow old with my millions.
That's where it's at. You got drama I got the gat
But we're both black so I don't wanna lay you flat.
Instead let's get paper while it's paper to get.
Private Jet 600 coupes that I runs if...
I'm livin' on another level that y'all ain't been yet.
Spend a mill no sweat water the line with my wet...
This is for the millionaires
Throw a stack in the air and watch brothers start plottin'
Honeys start to stare.
'Cause game is money and money is game
And broke brothers make the 45 flame with no shame.
Now many people die over these dead green guys.
Ignorance and greed take their ass by surprise.
It's the root of all evil and sins.
Yet and still it makes the world go around
Like my 20-inch rims...
Moolah y'all.
Platinum plaques cover my walls.
Grindin' diamonds shinin' and without one flaw.
Get the cash the grass the ass will bounce.
Luciano and all amounts that's all that counts 'cause... 
I been there...And done that...
Been there lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Ah yeah
ah ah
ah yeah
Time & time again 
Through our relationship 
I've wondered what's goin` wrong 
To make us go through such pains & heartache 
But still I know 
That my love is so strong for you 
Should I love you? 
Should I leave you? 
So many choices 
Oh oh baby 
So many reasons why 
For me to have you near me 
So many choices 
I don't understand 
Why you wanna take me through these changes 
No no 
Ohhh 
I can't decide 
What to do when it comes to me & you 
Because my love is true 
Oh oh oh oh yeah 
Where do we go from here? 
I can't help but wonder 
Do we belong together? 
The love I feel can't be alive 
All alone 
I don't wanna lose your love 
On my own 
Just can't be without you baby lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
As the world keeps turning chronic keeps burning
 street sermon these niggas are determined
I flow like CD's in the deck
Moosh fools in the face that lack respect
Protect ya arm pitch from the funk
I deodirise the musty ya rhymes are crusty you can't bust G
So leave me alone I'm in the zone
Walkin the streets on my own nigga get blown
Some niggas say that nigga Where is gone
But I'm low in the cut and gotta microphone
Are you gone bust or play bones?
You motherfuckin clone get off that nigga's style and get'cha own
It's Miscellane and it's on again
For the niggas that slept they shoulda stayed in step
And kept ya big fuckin mouth shut 
I woke up with a stomach ache headache back ache
Advil Tylenol Peptol slept so long realised my world is wrong
My world is gone like disco
Blowin up Cisco and in my Cammo
Standin in back of me was my soul
Thinking of the easiest way to get a bank roll
Knowledge is urban-able exhaust manifold
A tar can of hos to lubricate my system quick
Shaky bitches off the dick
Cos she got a vice grip on the flow from my lips
I'm slow but equipped with the proper tools
Show me the one talkin shit so I can drop a fool
I'm out to glow a nigga roll if he think he Mr CREAM
Come back on the scene and smoke a phillie G
I really dream of gettin mine now let me tell you what's silly
Me buckin with my team is murder one
I heard a gun bustin shots  down the block 
I guess a nigga gettin what he got 
Shit is heavy like a medicine ball and broke niggas to smoke niggas
I'll fuck one for y'all they made ya last phone call
To a trick that didn't even care
Cos she was gettin fucked somewhere you're stuck in there
Now you wanna bust nigga now you wanna kill nigga 
Nigga how ya feel? 
You can't try to be real 
Shit is for real 
I'm cooler than most but I got the shorter temper
And I'm cooler than foes that don't know how it goes
Let's take it back to the first side
When you was a new jack and jockin my new track
But you was wrong didn't know about the big long
Head-strong nicknamed Dav from off the school yard
Witta teenage group I'm turnin loots to tracks
Me and my niggas like 
You wanna know what the hos used to do
When me and my crew came bustin through
All sorts of blushins brew
(A neighbourhood find a gift too swift Miscellane is the crew)
Underground till my brown eyed balls turned blue
This is for the bitches and niggas that wanna front
I smoke on I broke on till I spoke on
Miscellane packin shows like Farrakhan
Where is on another level with two niggas that's on the same plateau
Now that's three times your tightest flow
And three times ya tightest track three times your fattest sack
Three times is clever  
Thou shalt rest in grief who lay buried in the belt
Barely included work leaves bodies scarred and hurt
To art in hell lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Ai Aiyo Butter is uhh Hands-On in the house
Well check it out put some shit on for em
Let's get it on kick it
Ha yeah hell yeah
Yeah that shit sounds dope
Aiyo Kim what you got to say 
Well boy you're movin me
There's somethin physical about it
The way you're makin me feel
The way you're touching me can't explain
Oh I just can't keep still
When you're kissing me it gives me what I need
Hold on tight and baby do it all night 
This is the part you take my heart to wipe your feet on
I wonder how boy you make me over 
Now tell me away cos I can't stop from how you mean
The things you do to me
Has got my body wanting you more and more
Oh baby it's got it bad
Your love has got me open 
Yeah
No question kick back watch my dope eye rise
Still an everyday brother with my eyes on the prize
Take my time analysing every song that dies
Flossin the fliest rides from hits you memorise
Been doin this since days of N.W.A.
Took it to the next level when I use to DJ
Got family and fans from New York to L.A.
They keep it real cos they know that Dre come with Bombay
G's up ain't nuttin changed yo freeze up!
When I come thru player haters women one-two
The dotted Maxwell from only a minimum of set sales
Clutch your tails for honeys waitin to exhale
Keep writin til the next millenium
Tape one hit when I serve these fiends stuff mo' potent than Bolivian
Welcome to the Aftermath
Aiyo Crystal what you got to say? 
It's like I'm glowing about the animal attraction
That grows between us
And then my friends ask me just where the hell I've been
They think I'm crazy they don't understand
When you're next to me I'm lost in ecstasy
Don't let go cos I'm about to explode 
This is the part you take my heart to wipe your feet on
Baby please don't make me over 
You touch me at the spot
Ooh boy you got me high 
And when you're loving me down I never want you to stop
Just take it easy 
Baby boy you babe lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Haa
Woo 
Dedicated to the up city
Straight West Coast nigga ain't no pity
Put holes in niggas real pretty
Real shitty like a black Frank Nitty
I give drugs to the thugs price-free
Handed down the game by that nigga Ice-T
No doubt players like me
recognise the great King Tee about twenty grand a ki
Ah that's that G shit no doubt about that
Statutory lyrics is how I rape the rap
And get your niggas off my back
and no GOD ya don't pull a strap cos  FUCK THAT!
I'm very precise when I shoot
straight out the roof of my Lexus coupe
Ya wanna blame Tha Alkaholik group
but naw that nigga Tela must've hit the loot
Cos he's actin real loonie
and I don't give a fuck cause I'm drunk and I'm a G like Spoonie
The hoodrats wanna do me
So if you've got'cha county cheque give it to me 
Now baby don't trip it's King Tee with the gangsta shit
Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits
And the two dog groan a 50 gat to your dome
That nigga on the mic str-8 gone
Huh so I guess I earned the title 'OG'
Been down for ten years this my fifth Lp
I'ma get this one easy
A real motherfuckin G R-rock Tee
Now all these fools talkin 'bout they some killers
car stealers big time drug dealers
Bitch ass niggas keep it real don't lie
You ain't killin shit and they gon' let shit die
You ask 
They call me 'Big Bone' and on my worst night I fades em all
And I come thru ya hood like a locc ass G
Rip any fool that calls hisself an MC
It's only one way let's have gun play
I make it play nigga fuck what you got to say
I got a mad crew of murderers ex-burglars
Puttin soft niggas outta service 
Now baby don't trip it's King Tee with the gangsta shit
Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits
And the two dog groan all the fuckin chips blown
That nigga on the mic str-8 gone
Baby don't trip it's King Tee with the gangsta shit
Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits
And the two dog groan sittin on chrome
That nigga on the mic str-8 gone 
My whole crew lives illegal
Strapped with the bulletproof vest in the front and back Regal
Smokin that sticky green grass
Hittin switches bumpin on cuts from the past
We smoke leaf cos we live like G's
Super-soft niggas become enemies
I hit a lick on the East for ten ki's
now everything I drive is on Deez
I'ma make you believe I gotta put it down like a real nigga should
My dope spot in every nigga's hood
I don't waste time I need to get what's mine
Fourteen shells from behind
Leave you in the blind str-8 paralysed from ya spine
A partner of organised crime
Ya hear it all the time but now ya gotta hear it from the truth
til my nigga Karl Phat's respect due 
Now baby don't trip it's King Tee with the gangsta shit
Ain't fuckin with nothin but them platinum hits
And the two dog groan lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
I've told you over and over again
Knew that wasn't what I stood for
But you didn't have what I wanted
Now you do bitch do me
Hmm kind of sad and now I'm gone
Thought you'd never see me again
But here I stand again right before your eyes
To your surprise
Baby we can talk it over baby we can
But I'd love to try 
Yes I will baby please
Seriously  in all honesty
I love you baby hmm hmm
And I always will 
Pleeease come back to me
Get down on your knees
And beg me please
Pleeease  come back to me
Ain't no thing I know you would
Cause I bet you couldn't cause your mind is slow 
And now your waiting for your high liquid smoke
 so let it drop
So let em' fall and let me have another
(You're alone baby oh)
Ooh please ooh please ooh please
Ooh please ooh please baby
Please come back to me 
I'll give you anything you want
Take my body mind and and heart
It's all your's baby
Pleeease come back to me
Get down on your knees
And beg me please
Pleeease come back to me
Get down on your knees
And beg me please
Pleeease come back to me
Said you treated me wrong
That's why you're all alone
Pleeease come back to me
Come on yeah
I got you on your knees
Got you begging please 
You know you did me wrong
But you know I got what you need
You wanna be in my life
Thought that I'd make you my wife 
But I'm quitting your ass baby cause you cheated
With my best friend
Won't you please
Get down on your knees
And beg me please
Won't you please
Pleeease come back to me
(Got it baby got it baby got it baby lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Hmm hmm hmm yeah
You make me do yeah uh
I never can erase
The love that you have placed inside
No girl I can't deny
I just never felt that I
Would ever be the one to find
A special lady that'll make me do for love
You make me do for love
What I would not do
Cause every day my love
You got me wanting you
You make me do for love
What I'd never do
And what we do for love
That all depends on you
Ooh ooh
Oh no man can recognize
The love that's in the sky
I just had to let you rain all over me
Then one day it dawned on me
I had changed completely
I don't know just how it happened
But I love the way you make me do for love
You make me do for love
What I would not do
Cause every day my love
You got me missing you
You make me do for love
What I'd never do
And what we do for love
That all depends on you
Ooh ooh
No I never thought I'd find
What love made of me
Come on the road with me baby
I open my eyes lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
i got you mad at me and its so sad to plea for you to come back to me so 
instead ima drop this 'E' and keep bein' this 'g' god had goin for me 'cause you 
dont even see the real meso fuck all you faggot who believe in hip hop you'all 
gonna drop like the cop ima kill in the parkin'lot that shot at me while i was 
robbin that shopsee my middle fingerwell watch it linger as i flip you the 
bird and know im commin after you in this stolen luxurie sedan with my two 
glocks in each one of my hands
so fuck life
smoke your pipe
grab the shapest knife you can grab and murda you wife
live without fear and give no second chance to any one 
then go on and murda the rest of your peers like they were deersgive em no 
second chance
Ima state that this is my fateto hate and rate you as the bait and make you 
late with a 'lil' 'g' like me cant you see you'll never be me and never have a 
life like me and never be right like me 'cause you aint even half way to bein' a 
motherfuckin' 'g' like me now ima count to three till i blast your brains 
out...one...two...three &quot;BANG BANG&quot; i told you i give out no second chance and 
if your motherfuckin friends wanna starts there chants and have a blue then i 
will kill em and make there families watch em few  lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
It's like it's like this
Word up knowhutI'msayin? One time for your mind y'knowI'msayin?
Yo from upstate to Brooklyn the whole borough's thorough
You know the time y'knowI'msayin?
Crown Heights to all my niggas holdin it down
It's hardcore B-boy rhymes just for you y'knowI'msayin?
(L-A-W this might trouble you) This is Sharief y'knowI'msayin?
Puttin it down for the Aftermath like this 
As I inhale the blunt and take a sip off the yac
My rhymes come to life my verbal forces attack
Can't hold me back I'm too strong I waited too long
Freestyle a whole rap tape then write a new song
Been in the game since...what? That shit is past tense
Pass the microphone and watch this nigga crack the C
with that ill shit I came to kill shit
I crack the code must be the reason they reveal shit
But in this era of mayhem
I recyc' the murderous rhymes to slay them
To all my opponents who wanna kick it I spark
the verbal scientist in your title I'm walkin wit it
A hundred dime pieces and the party got the heaters
I shine my verbal styles and got niggas climbin on speakers the thrill
seekers
An earthquake of bass lines swangin the party I'm slangin the mic
like a syllable shotty sippin 40's 
Check it out y'all L-A-W's raw
L.A.W. the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W this might trouble you
For all the B-boys and all the B-gals
Check it out now L-A-W's raw
L.A.W. the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W this might trouble you
For all the B-boys and all the B-gals 
Bona fide B-boy biceps' bionic
Blast em back okay let's get it started
Original rap styles comin from my shooter
Fifty niggas deep I'm the ill kid recruiter
People gather round check my flow
listen too look take a peek time for thought then you know 
I build with skill fulfill the drill and still then kill
You couldn't stop the pain with Benadryl
Too many claim unnamed for fame
or be soft as baby tissue with no gun to aim
I take a raptor's rough cuz I'lla date the semen
Spectators be sayin they can't go where he went
That's another level of attack  bring your bats
My DJ scratch the record like a scrotum sack
I slice the rapper like a surgeon
If he wanna battle I play him out like a priest in a turban
Too much tenacity vocal capacity
Ya better take some notes don't try to get on after me
Cuz I'm the chemical enemical
Rhymes I say are definitely guaranteed to reach the pinnacle 
Check it out y'all L-A-W's raw
L.A.W. the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W this might trouble you
For all the real players and all the fly girls
Check it out now L-A-W's raw
L.A.W. the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W this might trouble you
For all the real players and all the fly girls 
Feelin the metronome click my microphone's on
It's time to kiss Sharief to perform
Ya lukewarm my degrees be uncharted in the centre of fight square
I rum brass knuckle rhymes fuckin with crimes
I'm natural as loaded dice understand
where no man survives L.A.W. can
Transform I see it ain't even worth ya triggers
I'm from the days when B-boys were straight earthin niggas
Standin my arms crossed toss a grenade
rein-force my zone as a lyrical barricade
You better cuz your dome piece blown
Release chrome beats nuclear missiles rhymes under my comb
Three strikes marks the villian bustin rhymes
like shots in Sarajevo Saturday night blood be spillin
Some I slaughter such as *?two compel?* blows
Crush your corny kids caught stumblin on my shells so
sick too quick I stab you with some shit
Doin infinite assault these hard lyrics I commit
When I crush your lungs I keep my pace uptempo
Swingin my prison rhymes fuckin mics like a nympho 
Check it out y'all L-A-W's raw
L.A.W. the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W this might trouble you
For all the real hustlas across the world
Check it out now L-A-W's raw
L.A.W. the Lyrical Assault Weapon
L-A-W lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(All right is everybody ready )
(Alright now here we go) 
Nationowl divides this bomb to blow
Adios serials worldwide
Once inside ya ride usin the mic like a screwdriver
to break down the speed
While labels were sound asleep Nowl peeped and creeped
and stole the ground beneath they feet
Far from the bail still makin my sales
Movin tapes like weight we's hip-hop cartel
takin over no doubt
Like thongs they ass out but win amounts with the Doctor
Dre all day cash his cheques
Like Play I hittin you in the head like strays 
Nationowl's defence covers my ass
and team o' outcast niggas who're quick to blast
Our beat's on hit keep the peace on
MC's couldn't find my path  
Pledge a legiance to my team
Let's scheme nigga we gots ta get CREAM
Cos worldwide shit's outta control
Why you can't get down with Nationowl
Young and old my niggas who's on parole
Why you can't get down with Nationowl
Bitches who own my niggas whose heart is cold
Why you can't get down with Nationowl 
Nationowl's anthem got'cha soul on lock
still fully loaded cocked the handgun
Composed like the Phantom
while the face of earth gets ugly we ever lovely
Bitches who never duck me 
In thinkin I must spend dough til I'm dizzy
Assholes around like a frisby
And for satisfaction chew an MC like Wrigley
History's about to be made I met'cha in a way
tryin ya hardest to delay
My flight batterin keep the world ringin like *?Sadaran?*
Lyrics bone shatterin
Pretenders wantin to be Cinder-rella
What? That shoe you tryin ta wears not fittin
Now we're strippin niggas like a Chippendale
I'm rippin hell burnin the devil and inhale 
In the last days which side will you be on?
Nationowl's on the side that I beat on
I demand put me on
From the door I use MC's to wipe my feet on
My shit be bumpin like in-grown hair
For twenty-six years trained in ghetto warfare
Nigga I see more green than St. Patrick
Pro actors game of life with no practice
Controllin craps like I had a remote
It's a rule now go enter ya tomb
No joke much over I scold
It's some game for all who's tryin ta split ya coats
Best believe that these are our last years
Prepare or get done from the rear
As we move there where? The final frontier
United we stand lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Fame I'm the man that takes things over 
Fame makes me loose hard to swallow 
Fame puts me there where things are hollow 
Fame 
Fame 
It's not your brain it's just the flame 
The bitch is gonna get your ends 
SLAIN! 
(You know I need the money I will get the money 
Cos I need the cash hey c'mon gotta get it) 
(You know I need the money I will get the money 
Cos I need the cash hey c'mon gotta get it) 
Fame what you like is in the limo 
Fame take it now there's no tomorrow 
Fame what you need you'll have to borrow 
Fame 
Fame 
Nine is fine it plays for time 
I'ma lemme hit you from be-hind 
Fame Fame 
Fame 
A bullet for me I bust it for you 
I love it when you grab my gun 
Fame 
Fame what's your name? What's your name? What's your name? 
Say my name? Say my name? Say my name? 
The world's famous rugged with the superstar persona 
Rough designer the chubby alcoholic rhymer 
Big timer I'm known in places I haven't even been 
Executed styles behind men 
Oh God I preach that old Hudd City gospel 
My look's hostile hittin Remy from the bottle 
The fame is like I'm possessed wit game 
And everywhere I go hos screamin my name 
But I'm rollin not that my bald head's swollen 
I'm towin ya fixed up they'd rather see ya broken 
I'm scopin often where the spotlights shine 
Me and my crew drinkin tryin ta have a good time 
But folks watchin wearin khakis or Versace 
They try to mack me caught up in the papparazzi 
I'ma look what the hogg had become 
A top notch nigga with the fame game 
Is it any wonder I'll reject ya first 
Fame Fame Fame Fame 
Is it any wonder lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Things just ain't the same for gangstas.
Times is changing young niggas is aging
Becoming old gees in the game and changing
To make way for these new names and faces but
The strangest things can happen from rappin when
Niggas get wrapped up in image and acting
Niggas get capped up and wrapped in plastic
Zipped up in bags when it happens that's it.
I've seen 'em come; I've watched 'em go
Watched 'em rise witnessed it and watched 'em blow.
Watched 'em all blossom and watched 'em grow.
Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough.
Best friends and money: I lost them both.
Went visited niggas in the hospital.
It's all the same shit all across the globe.
I just sit back and watch the show. 
Everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' 
People I used to know
Just don't know me no more 
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know 
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low 
I moved out of the hood for good you blame me?
Niggas aim mainly at niggas they can't be.
But niggas can't hit niggas they can't see.
I'm out of sight now I'm out of they dang reach.
How would you feel if niggas wanted you killed?
You'd probably move to a new house on a new hill.
And choose a new spot if niggas wanted you shot
I ain't a thug how much Tupac in you you got
I ain't no bitch neither.
It's either my life or your life
And I ain't leaving I like breathing.
Nigga we can go round for round
Clip for clip shit fo'-pound for pound.
Nigga if you really want to take it there we can
Just remember that you fucking with a family man.
I got a lot more to lose than you remember that
When you wanna come and fill these shoes. 
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
Cops is anxious to put niggas in handcuffs.
They wanna hang us see us dead enslave us
Keep us trapped in the same place we're raised in.
Then they wonder why we act so outrageous
Run around stressed out and pull out gauges.
Cause everytime you let the animal out cages
It's dangerous to people who look like strangers.
But now we got a new era of gangstas
Hustlers and youngsters living amongst us.
Lookin at us now calling us busters
Can't help but reminisce back when it was us.
Nigga we started this gangsta shit.
And this the motherfucking thanks I get?
It's funny how time fly
I'm just having fun lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Devin the Dude Snoop Dogg)
Hi baby
I know your under a lot of pressure at your work and all
And I do understand
You have no idea how much I understand
But you also don't have any idea how much I love you
I love you so much
I think about you I feel you in my arms
I miss you.. I miss you terribly
I've just always wanted someone like you in my life
I love you so much; that I'd do anything
I'd do anything
I'll be your perfect woman for you 
I just wanna fuck bad bitches
All them nights I never had bitches
Now I'm all up in that ass bitches
Mad at 'cha boyfriend aint 'cha?
You'se a bad girl gotta spank ya
Gotta thank ya for that head clinic
Explicit hella photogenic
And tell your friends where the dick's at
Where they can get hit and won't get back to they soulmate
Before you kiss 'em use Colgate
 Yeah the bitch took the whole eight
and ran with it then let Mel-Man hit it
and Hitman hit it; damn bitches
Man this is what I'm talkin about
Chicken-head chicken-fed with a dick in your mouth
Out and about with your nigga like it never took place
 Next time you need a taste 
I just wanna fuuuuuck you
No touchin and rubbin gul you got a husband who
loves.. you..
Don't need you all in mine
I just wanna fuuuuuck you
We can't be kissin and huggin gul you got a husband who
loves.. you..
You need to give him your quality time 
You got the number it's on you to make the call
You know I cum quick; help you re-decorate your walls
Cut your backyard don't have to act hard to get the cock
And if I'm goin too far I take it out and wipe it off
and put it back up and keep going
You tryin to hide it from your husband but I know he be knowin
that your pussy's been tampered with
Then you show him the new trick of how you can lick it smoke a cancer stick
You be workin it like a dancer bitch it's hard on me
Not to give you all of my time that you wanted
You can give me some head but keep the breakfast in bed
I'd rather spend my mornin diggin through some records instead
But tonight I guess it'd be aight if we can touch bases
Hookup somewhere and exchange some 
I know your man's lookin for ya he's always tryin to run ya
Don't worry bout me handcuffin gul cause I just wanna fuck witchu 
.. fuck witchu
On the sneak tip on some creep shit
So whatcha gon' do ya freak bitch?
You actin like you don't do dicks
That's the kinda bitch I hate fuckin wit
Baby was a virgin that's what she said
So I gave her some Hennesey she gave me some head
I fucked her on the flo' so I wouldn't mess up my bed
Then Lil' 1/2 Dead put his dick on her head
Take that bitch home and give her a bone
And give her the number to my cellular phone
Man she blowin up my pager the shit's gettin major
A favor for a favor this dick is what I gave her
Somethin to go by and bitches know why
Stuff dick in they mouth and then I'm out 
Twenty-fo' seven Dre Snoop and Devin
We servin' these hoes and never lovin these hoes lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Still Snoop Dogg and D-R-E 
Still still doing that shit huh Dre?
Oh for sure check me out
It's still Dre Day nigga A.K. nigga
Before I chrome the lot can't keep it home a lot
'cause when I frequent the spots that I'm known to rock
You hear the bass from the trunk when I'm on the block
Ladies they pay homage but haters say Dre fell off
How nigga My last album was 
They want to know if he still got it
They say rap's changed they want to know how I feel about it
If you ain't up on pace
Dr. Dre is the name I'm ahead of my game
Still puffing my leafs still fuck with the beats
Still not loving police 
Still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease
Still got love for the streets repping 213
Still the beat bangs still doing my thang
Since I left ain't too much changed still
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl
Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets it's the D-R-E 
Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends
Well hell me and Snoop we dipping again
Kept my ear to the streets signed Eminem
He's triple platinum doing 50 a week
Still I stay close to the heat
And even when I was close to defeat I rose to my feet
My life's like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat
Treat rap like Cali weed I smoke till I sleep
Wake up in the A.M. compose a beat
I bring the fire till you're soaking in your seat
It's not a fluke it's been tried I'm the troop
It's  from the World Class Wreckin' Cru
I'm still at it After-mathematics
In the home of drive-by's and ak-matics
Swap meets sticky green and bad traffic
I dip through then I get skin D-R-E
It ain't nothing but more hot shit
Another classic CD for y'all to vibe with
Whether you're cooling on a corner with your fly bitch
Laid back in the shack play this track
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
I'll break your neck damn near put your face in your lap
Niggas try to be the king but the ace is back
So if you ain't up on thangs
Dr. Dre be the name still running the game
Still got it wrapped like a mummy
Still ain't tripping love to see young blacks get money
Spend time out the hood take they moms out the hood
Hit my boys off with jobs no more living hard
Barbeques every day driving fancy cars
Still gonna get mine regardless
Right back up in ya motherfucking ass
'95 plus four pennies
Add that shit up D-R-E right back on top of thangs
Smoke some with your dog
No stress no seeds no stems no sticks!
Some of that real sticky icky icky
Ooo Wee lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
I got mo' class than most of em ran wit the best of em
Forgave the less of em and blazed at the rest of em
What can I say? Cal-i-for-ni-A
Where niggaz die everyday over some shit they say
Disconnected from the streets forever
As long as I got a baretta nigga I'm down for whateva
I roll wit my shit off safety - for niggaz that been hatin me lately 
and the bitches that wanna break me
If Cali blew up I'd be in the Aftermath
Bumpin gangsta rap shit down to blast for cash
Cause from Eazy-E to D.O.C. to D.P.G.
started from that S.O.B. D.R.E.
Like Dub-C I'm rich rollin pistol holdin
Pockets swoll nigga that's how I'm rollin
Put the flame to the killer nigga
Worldwide homicide mob figure and a builder for real
I'm hittin switches makin bitches eat bitches
See me grab my dick everytime I pose for pictures
I own acres floor seats watchin The Lakers
I'm cool with eses who got AK's in cases 
Dedicated to all of those with big ego's
Never fakin we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this we sip the Mo' and yank the heezos
1 - Niggaz play this in they Rovers Jeeps and Regals
2 - Bitches play this in they Benzes Jeeps and Geos
I bust a Mr. Toughy slash a Smoothy Doobie
Crash and flex on Tuesday's harassin hoes at movies
Passin by with uzis - and who you aimin at?
That shady bitch and that bitch nigga that was claimin that
Rat-ta-tat-tat 
I don't sympathize for wack hoes and wimpy guys
You got to recognize Hitman is a enterprise
Cali pride born to ride and South Centralized
The Henny got me energized - smoke the guys
tryin to focus on mines - poke they eyes out
I'm L.A.'s loc'est - hope they don't have to find out the hard way
like snitch niggaz in the pen that get
hit when the guards look the other way
We hittin HARD Hitman and Dre
You playin games I suggest you know the rules
We puttin guns to fools make you run yo' jewels
Take yo' honey and cruise to the snootiest snooze Cabos
Pop coochie til the nut oozes you shouldn't fuck wit crews
that's sick Aftermath cause we rule shit
I'm Big Hit don't confuse me wit no other by the flow motherfucker 
Dedicated to all of those with big ego's
Never fakin we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Hitman Kurupt Nate Dogg & Six-Two)
Xxplosive West coast shit
My nigguh-ish ways attract girls that used to turn they back
Causin me to yank they arm and pose like I would do the harm
Now I'm sayin thank you cause they tell me my shit's the bomb
Xxplosive.. ..for my niggaz drinkin Cognac smokin weed always pack
mo' than one firearm chrome rims ridin on
Chronic in yo' system let me know my shit's the bomb - Xxplosive..
West coast shit nigga
Overdosage - imperial pistols ferocious
Fuck a bitch; don't tease bitch strip tease bitch
Eat a bowl of these bitch gobble the dick
Hoes forgot to eat a dick can shut the fuck up!
Gobble and swallow a nut up shut up and get my cash
Backhanded pimpslapped backwards and left stranded
Just pop ya collar pimp convention hoes for a dollar
Six-Deuce in a plush six-deuce impala
Pimpin hoes from Texas to Guatemala
Bitch niggaz paid for hoes just to lay wit hoes
Relax one night and paid to stay wit hoes
Captain Save'Em all day  well save this dick
Bitch nigga you more of a bitch than a bitch
You ain't into hittin pussy or hittin the switch
You into hittin bitches off of the grip you punk bitch
All my real Doggs still kick it wit me
All my down hoes still trickin wit me
All the true gangstas know
Nate ain't never love no hoe
All the hoodrats still shake it for me
All my true fans still checkin for me
All the real smokers know
Nate ain't passin nuttin but dope indeed...
Real trees...
Chronic leaves...
No seeds...
When I had you last night baby
Before - I blew yo' mind 
I thought we had a chance lady
No more - now that I'm sober you ain't that fine
Hmmm-hmmmhmmmm...
Don't wanna treat you wrong
Don't wanna lead you on
Here baby hit the bong
while the west coast rolls along
While we - still makin gangsta hits
You'll be - still jockin gangsta dicks
Damn girl you think you slick
Somebody better get this biiitch this biiiitch
I got these freaky hoes
Clappin they hands stompin they feet
Every now and then they put they mouth on me
Nowadays a G like me can't even call it
A 23-year old pussy fiend and freakaholic
Pimpin bitches on the regular I put that on the G
A hustler and a player nowadays it pays to be
Lemme drop some shit about this bitch I used to know
She gave ya boy the head and said don't let nobody know
A bonafide pro I had to grab the hoe
She got freaky in yo' sixty-fo' I skeeted in her throat
Been knowin the hoe for fo' days pimpery pays
And I bet you didn't know that she go both ways
She ate her best friend I left them hoes at the mall
They be beepin me and shit but we don't kick it no mo'
Them hot hoes is fiendin they on the nuts
But beitch I'm out ya pussy when I nut lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Eminem Phish Xzibit)
 What's the difference between me and you? 
Back when Cube - was rollin wit Lorenzo in a Benzo
I was bangin wit a gang of instrumentals
Got the pens and pencils got down to business; but sometimes
the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
But you was a real nigga I could sense it in you
I still remember the window of the car that you went through
That's fucked up but I'll never forget the shit we been through
And I'ma do whatever it takes to convince you
Cuz you my nigga Doc and Eazy I'm still wit you
Fuck the beef nigga I miss you and that's just bein real wit you
You see the truth is
Everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is
And who I'm still cool wit
Then I got these fake-ass niggaz I first drew with
Claimin that they non-violent talkin like they *voice sample*
Spit venom in interviews speakin on reunions
Move units then talk shit and we can do this
Until then - I ain't even speakin your name
Just keep my name outta yo' mouth and we can keep it the same
Nigga it ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors
It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em
That's the difference
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal wit emotions
I'm used to livin big dog style and straight coastin
Yo I stay wit it
While you try to perpetrate play wit it
Never knew about the next level until Dre did it 
I stay committed while you motherfuckers baby-sitted
I smash you critics like a overhand right from Riddick
 Come and get it shitted on villians by the millions
I be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings
So what the fuck am I supposed to do?
I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you 
A heartless bastard high and plastered
My style is like the reaction from too much acid - never cool down
Pass it around if you can't handle it
Hang Hollywood niggaz by they Soul Train laminates
What's the difference between me and you? 
About five bank accounts three ounces and two vehicles
Until my death I'm Bangladesh
I suggest you hold yo' breath til ain't none left
Yo that's the difference
Aight hold up hold up!
STOP THE BEAT A MINUTE!! I got somethin to say
Dre; I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin weed is in me
 I don't know if I ever told you this but I love you dawg
I got your motherfuckin back just know this shit
 Riiight? .. Slim I don't know if you noticed it
But I've had your back from day one nigga let's blow this bitch
 I mean it dawg you ever need somebody offed - who's throat is it?
 Well if you ever kill that Kim bitch I'll show you where the ocean is
Well that's cool and I appreciate the offer
But if I do decide to really murder my daughter's momma
I'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her
And cruise around wit her for seven hours through California
And have her wavin at people  Then drop her off on the corner
at the police station and drive off honkin the horn for her
Raw dawg get your arm gnawed off
Drop the sawed off and beat you wit the piece it was sawed off of
Fuck blood I wanna see some lungs coughed up
Get shot up in the hot tub til the bubbles pop up
and they nose and cough snot up mucus in hot water
That's for tryin to talk like The Chronic was lost product
That's for even THINKIN of havin them thoughts thought up!
You better show some respect whenever the Doc's brought up!!
So what's the difference between us? We can start at the penis
Or we can scream "I Just Don't Give a Fuck lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Damn girl it is hotter than a motherfucker up in here
You got that right
I need to go to the bar and get me a drink please
Yes
Hello
Shit what the fuck you want?
Hmm
Let me get a Cosmo
What the fuck you want?
Damn I'll have an apple martini
This motherfucker drunk as a mother
Thirsty bitches
This a drunken-ass nigga
Oh ooh shit girl those niggaz are lookin' over here!
Oh shit don't look don't look
Damn what's up what they look like tho?
Shit shit damn they look they look aight
They fuckable? What's up is they fuckable or what?
Shh chill out lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Hey yo whassup?
My name is Dre
Can I blaze some Chonic witchu? 
Nigga what? FO' SHO'!
Roll that shit up! 
Hell yeah still 
Heart still in Compton
The comp can't oppose dope Cali platinum classicals
Introduced you to my Doggs that don't love hoes
and Firm Fiascoes - assholes
Fucked you up with my last video tuxed up
doin a tango..
And cash always in my grasp
Came up in the game wearin khakis not kangols stranglin hoes
When asked about it in most interviews I just laugh
Now I vacate with hoes with a gang of ass
One feed me mangoes the other lightin my hash
Rap tabloids write Dre's light in the ass 
Came home uptight ready to mash
like a gas pedal get on that sixty-four Chevy level
AK-47 heavy metal
Who say Dre ain't ghetto? Just whistle like a tea kettle
I throw three at you tell me if you see devils
cause we rebels over here I smell Chronic in the air
that means we takin over this year
You hear? 
 Chronic two-thousand  - KRS-One
 That means we takin over this year ya hear? 
Light Speed blazin Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro doja chocolate thai weed
Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that where that new shit The Chronic Iced Teas 
I hang among hustlers I slang and hoo-bang Bronson
when bustaz roll through can't fuck with my bold crew
We will hold you captive and bust
cause gangbangin is the active activity
where I be livin B there ain't no Liberty Statue
Hope you got your gat don't let them catch you
slippin without yours it's warfare outdoors
Ambulance violent uproars
Trash niggaz takin out like chores I meet whores on tours
Jeans hot as pepper so I sip champagne on stormy shores
We on some hardcore pornographic
Totin Austrian firearms that's made out of plastic
In these drastic surroundings it be sounding like
Lebanon makin fools  like Megatron and Starscream
Oh yeah I scream-on-stars
to get loot and crossover like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Get out your car son that's how I came to bougie niggaz
Act bad one it's either that or make front page stardom
I'm the Golden Child chased by Sodom
?? gots my bulletproof it's hard to shoot me you hear? 
)
That means it's real fuckin hard to shoot me you hear? 
Light Speed blazin Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro doja chocolate thai weed
Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that where that new shit lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Ya'll know me still the same OG
But I been low key
Hated on by most these niggas
With no cheese no deals and no G's no wheels and no keys
No boats no snowmobiles and no skis
Mad at me cause
I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks
To add to the wall full of plaques
Hanging up in the office in back of my house like trophies
But ya'll think I'm gonna let my dough freeze
Ho Please
You better bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees?
Who you think brought you the oldies?
Eazy-E's Ice Cube's and D.O.C's the Snoop D O double G's
And a group that said motherfuck the police?
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
To bump when stroll through in your hood
And when your album sales wasn't doing too good
Who's the doc that they told you to go see?
Ya'll better listen up closely
All you niggas that said that I turned pop
Or the Firm flopped
ya'll are the reason Dre ain't been getting no sleep
So fuck ya'll all of ya'll
If ya'll don't like me blow me
Ya'll are gonna keep fucking around with me
And turn me back to the old me
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
So what do you say to somebody you hate?
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way
Just study your tape of NWA.
One day I was walking by
With a Walkman on
When I caught a guy give me an awkward eye 
And strangled him off in the parking lot with his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not
I'm harder than me tryna park a Dodge
But I'm drunk as fuck
Right next to a humongous truck in a two car garage
Hopping out with two broken legs tryna walk it off
Fuck you too bitch call the cops
I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfucking barking dogs
And when the cops came through
Me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
And still weren't found out 
so from here on out it's the Chronic 2
Starting today and tomorrow's the new
And I'm still loco enough
To choke you to death with a Charleston chew
Slim shady hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up
And the temp goes up to the mid 80's
Calling men ladies
Sorry Doc but I been crazy
There is no way that you can save me
It's OK go with him Hailie 
If it was up to me
You motherfuckers would stop coming up to me
With your hands out looking up to me
Like you want something free
When my last CD was out you wasn't bumping me
But now that I got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me
Cause I'm from the streets of Compton
I told 'em all
All them little gangstas
Who you think helped mold 'em all
Now you wanna run around and talk about guns
Like I ain't got none
What you think I sold 'em all
Cause I stay well off
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin' Dre fell off
What lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Nate Dogg Snoop Dogg)
La-da-da-da-dahh
 It's the motherfucking D-O-double-G Snoop Dogg!
 It's the one and only D-O-double-G Snoop Dogg!
La-da-da-da-dahh
You know I'm mobbin' with the D.R.E.
Yeah yeah yeah
You know who's back up in this motherfucker!
What what what what?
So blaze the weed up then!
Blaze it up blaze it up!
Just blaze that shit up nigga yeah 'sup Snoop?
Top Dogg bite 'em all nigga burn the shit up
D-P-G-C my nigga turn that shit up
C-P-T L-B-C yeah we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club baby you got to get up
Thug niggas drug dealers yeah they givin' it up
Lowlife yo' life boy we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party for sure
Slip my hoe a forty-fo' and she got in the back do'
Bitches lookin' at me strange but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin' my hair
Bitch quit talkin' crip walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet
Out of town put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked bitch shut yo' trap
Come back get back that's the part of success
If you believe in the X you'll be relievin' your stress
 La-da-da-da-dahh
 It's the motherfuckin' D.R.E. Dr. Dre motherfucker!
 La-da-da-da-dahhh
 You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G
Straight off the fuckin' streets of C-P-T
King of the beats you ride to em in your Fleet Fleetwood
Or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feelin' whoopty whoop nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronicled out in the 'llac
With Doc in the back sippin' on 'gnac yeah
Clip in the strap dippin' through hoods. What hoods?
Compton Long Beach Inglewood!
South Central out to the Westside wessyde
It's California Love this California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on and my team strong
Get my drink on and my smoke on
Then go home with something to poke on. What's up bitch?
Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real it's the next episode...
Hold up hey
For my niggas who be thinkin' we soft
We don't play
We gonna' rock it 'til the wheels fall off
Hold up hey
For my niggas who be actin' too bold
Take a lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Kurupt Hittman & Ms. Roq)
All these niggaz and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon' fuck! 
Talkin that walkin that spittin at hoes
Smokin this drinkin that hittin at hoes
Fuck this I'm hittin that I'm hittin em both
Have one ridin dick one lickin my toes
When I'm lovin these hoes there ain't no love involved
No hugs no kisses bear rugs bear britches
Rare bitches like to pose in them Black Tail pictures
Bitch jumped off my dick  
Yeah -- I just took some Ecstasy
Ain't no tellin what the side effects could be
All these fine bitches equal sex to me
plus I got this bad bitch layin next to me
No doubt sit back on the couch
Pants down rubber on set to turn that ass out
Laid the bitch out then I put it in her mouth
Pulled out nutted on a towel and passed out 
Come on let's get high 
let's get high 
Come on let's get high 
let's get high all my ladies
let's get high 
high 
Let's get high 
Come on let's get high 
I make the four hop  pull up at the spot
Weed by the barrels in my G'd up apparel
Stompin in the party Kurupt Young Gotti
I'm fuckin somethin in this bitch hit em with some gangsta shit
Put somethin in your mouth bitch real tasty
I'm lookin real sauce in my gangsta-ass Casey's
Hit the party ease up Kurupt with an ounce an'
got all the hoes in this motherfucker bouncin 
Down to.. 
YO WHATTUP SCRAM JONES?
Mel-Man what's crackin? 
Whassup wit all these ol' punk ass hoes in here? 
Nigga WHUT??! I'm a hustlin bitch!
I like them get rich niggaz them hit the switch niggaz
Niggaz bout the sex and which bitch to hit next
while I'm kickin my game and collectin them checks
Got all y'all niggaz vexed to fuck this triple-X rated hoe
You say you ain't eat it - you ate it though
And uhh Roq don't stop can't be droppin no drawers
To the niggaz how you figure got you shittin in yours
Yeah little dicks always runnin they mouth
While a bitch is better off to masturbate and be out
All you bitches up in here know what I'm talkin about
Get the loot get the ice fuck the wife no doubt
Tryin to live lavish marry a big dick and stay carried
Holla back at them niggaz that hollered at me
Pop the Cris' lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Snoop Dogg Hitman & Six-Two)
 Some good-ass weed! 
Check it out Dogg; this game is a motherfuckin trip man
Word on the streets
Everybody always tryin to run up on me
hollerin about word on the street is dis nigga said dis..
Man I don't give a FUCK about what that nigga said man!
That's what's wrong with you niggaz you niggaz is just like bitches
Hoe-ass niggaz talk too motherfuckin much 
Study your own get your own -- yahmsayin?
Be independent nigga - BEOTCH! 
 Yeah
 Bitch niggaz ..
Bitch niggaz ..
Bitch-ass niggaz ..
 BITCH NIGGAZ ..
 Yeah I'm talkin about you ..
 Bitch niggaz
 and you too .. 
Hmm.. Dogg..
I meet mo' bitch niggaz than hoes - look here
And I really don't know but that's just how it go 
Dogg - so many niggaz like to keep up shit
And just like a bitch  niggaz be talkin shit 
Smilin in my face and then they blast me in the back 
Niggaz stay strapped from way back cause payback..'ll
make niggaz wanna pop that shit
If you ain't ready for the game  nigga stop that shit
We rock that shit my nigga Dre drop that shit 
No mo' talkin I'm walkin and I'm poppin the clip
Glock on the hip set-trippin dippin an' shit
If you act like a bitch  nigga you get smacked like a bitch 
 Bitch niggaz bitch niggaz  
These niggaz don't know what the fuck is goin on
Yo Dogg check it kick back
Let me holla at these niggaz for a minute.. 
Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity
The aggravated makin these punk muh'fuckers hate it
COMPTON is the city I'm from
Cain't never leave the crib without a murder wea-pon
Huh I cain't live my life on broke no mo'
And most of these fools ain't shit but cutthroats
They smile in a nigga face - and for what?
They got the game fucked up and want my thang fucked up
I done learned a lot seen a whole lot
The top notch nigga I'm fiendin for that spot
Now peep game on what Six-Deuce told me 
These niggaz after yo' paper Dr. D.R.E. 
And these punk-ass hoes is lookin for dough
You gotta watch your homeboys cause a nigga never know
Oh they'll be around but when yo' paper get low
Just like Master P said "There Dey Go There Day Go"
Bitch niggaz... uh-huh... 
"stop scheamin and lookin hard" - 
"stop scheamin and..an and..an-an and..and lookin hard"
Bitch nigga a bitch nigga
Bitch nigga HELLA bitch nigga
Youse a bitch nigga motherfucker bitch nigga
A bitch nigga.. a bitch nigga 
I know yo' type so much bitch in you if it was slightly darker
lights was little dimmer my dick be stuck up in yo' windpipe!
Hmm you'd rather blow me than fight I'm from the OLD SCHOOL
like Romey Rome homey yo you owe me the right
to slap you like the bitch that you are that wanted to cap you
every since you was mad doggin me with that bitch in yo' car
Fool  
Man you shit on Hit get yo' shit bust; plus
pistol-whipped cover it up - use yo' bitch's blush
Mr. Powder Puff yo' bark ain't loud enough huh
I know chihuahuas that's mo' rah-rah HA HA
I have to laugh Dre I bet he take bubble baths
You don't want no trouble with the Aftermath staff trust me
Doggy Dogg Diggy Doctor plus me
No youse a busta slash hussy soft as a Hush Puppy
Must we break you down to estrogen most hated specimen's
a bitch nigga! 
"stop scheamin and lookin hard" - 
"stop..stop..stop scheamin and lookin hard"
"..op-stop..ah-op-op-stop-sch-sch-scheamin and lookin hard"
"stop scheamin and lookin hard"
"stop skee-scheamin and lookin hard"
"stop scheamin and.. and.. and..
stop scheamin lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
And now the car bomb
Yo re-re come on man let's get the fuck up out of here man
All right baby all right speedy I'm coming damn
Took a motherfuckin' hour to get dressed
I told you I was gonna be here over this motherfucker
I wanna be in and out now don't fuck around over here
And baby I'm lookin' good all right I'm lookin' good
I'm sayin' fuck that man I'm tryin' to get the fuck up out of here man
All right all right I'm comin' damn shit
Yo yo yo hold it hold it whassup this shit?
You know the people right there?
You know those motherfuckers right there?
No nigga I don't know you paranoid
What the fuck they lookin' at? I'm sayin' you ain't seen
The motherfuckers ridin' past lookin' all at me and shit
Nigga you trippin' now you trippin' nigga you trippin'
Let's go scary-ass nigga you hidin' somethin' let's keep
Man fuck that man get in the car man aw goddamn
Told you don't fuck around over here and shit whatever
Damn what the fuckin' up with this shit?
You didn't put no gas in this raggedy motherfucker goddamn!
I just got a tune-up the other day man my shit and all that
Ain't this a bitch pined-out Pete let's keep oh my goodness
Man shut the fuck up let me start my motherfuckin' shit
Fuck you nigga lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
When darkness be closin in
I'm motivated with the howlin wind
with a list of chosen men frozen in sin
Knowin that your end is beginnin
Swift silent and deadly
There's no defendin my plots I know your every movement
For six months I watch coulda gotchu at your baby's mother's house
Even at your down-low weed spot
But the backdrop wasn't flattering enough
I didn't want people gathering and stuff 
Snapshots of blood splattering from the snuff
Here - puff this here while I figure which way to split yo' wig
Right now you as nervous as a Farmer John pig
As I dig into my tragic bag take out the HK
Twist on the silencer insert the thirty-shot mag 
Bullet stuck to his brain like a mack
Skull in fragments I leave the cleanup to Dragnet 
This is anybody MURDERAHHH
to fuckin everybody MURDERAHHH
Nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH
uh uh for real
You'll fuck around and get killed
This is anybody MURDERAHHH
Motherfuckin everybody MURDERAHHH
Yeah nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH
uh uh for real
You'll fuck around and get killed 
Peeped all the stash drop and exchange of the dough
Lurkin through the turf think how I'ma just work
Give em chase to the crib and yo he properly laced
Stepped out the car put my steel to the side of his face
Murder - this the fuckin Case rob this nigga and shake
the fuckin spot cause in a few it's gon' be crawlin with cops!
Who's the bad bitch now you crept on paid the piper
Who'da thought a sexy bitch could be a murderous sniper
Detrimental to your health shoulda learned yo' lesson
But it's too late nigga bye-bye better count yo' blessings
I been watchin you watchin me yeah you ballin
Was nigga now you finger fucked and steady fallin
A thug wit no love but bitch niggaz die fast
Thug niggaz die young - oh what you thought you would last?
Blast two shots to the dome slide back to the pad
and jack my nigga off til his dick get soft
Resume the wifey boo shit cause yo my man don't know
that his bitch is straight ill servin ass with fo'fo' 
I'm a motherfuckin MURDERAHHH
Bitch disses anybody MURDERAHHH
Yeah nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH
uh uh for real
You'll fuck around and get killed
I'm a motherfuckin MURDERAHHH
Uhh bitch disses anybody MURDERAHHH
Yeah nigga all y'all MURDERAHHH
uh uh lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Aww they say uhh..
.. a black man is a pimp
Well let me tell you the biggest pimp
on planet motherfuckin Earth is her momma
It's her MOMMA that told her
"Get a man that got a good job gurl!
Make sure he got a good car gurl!
Make sure he can take you out and buy you somethin gurl!"
What happened to just fallin in love with a nigga with a bus pass --
-- just cause you love the nigga?
But +I'm+ the pimp motherfucker!
I gotta be the player! 
Biggest hoes on planet Earth..
.. are walkin through the motherfuckin neighborhood
You KNEW when you got with the nigga he already had a woman
You knew he already had a family
but you fucked him anyway!!!
And then when you thought you gon' lose the nigga
you went and got pregant - didn't you bitch DIDN'T YOU!!
THE OL' KEEP A NIGGA BABY
And then when the nigga ain't around what do you tell the child?
"Aww that nigga ain't shit that's why yo' daddy ain't here;
cause that nigga ain't shit."
How bout bein a woman and tellin the kid the truth
that yo' momma you was a hoe!
TELL THE KID!
Momma was a hoe I was weekend pussy
I had you to keep the nigga it didn't work out
that's why he ain't here - but he a good nigga
cause he take care of his REAL family
I was just a dumb bitch tryin to keep lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Defari Xzibit Knoc-Turn'al Time Bomb)
Yeah nigga MC Ren up in this motherfucker
Yeah L.A. niggaz
L.A. niggaz rule the world nigga
Y'all niggaz gotta recognize yaknahmsayin?
Niggaz don't wanna peep game yaknahmsayin?
But this shit come all the way back around here
My nigga Dre droppin heat box on y'all bitch-ass
Yaknahmsayin? You gotta recognize
L.A. niggaz connected all over the motherfuckin world nigga
Recognize this
Now in my younger days I used to sport a rag
Backpack full of cans plus a four-four mag
G'd from the feet up
Blued up from the Zoo a pi' grew up
Loc'n smokin and drinkin til we threw up 
At Leimert Park taggin hittin fools up
Ditchin my class just to fuck yo' school up
You don't wanna blast nigga tuck yo' tool up
But don't sleep y'all niggaz quick to shoot you
Now there's another motherfucker with no future
But Time Bomb much smoother when I manuever dope like Cuba
Got em jumpin [King T starts speakin indecipherable]
I'm comin  with a loose cannon
Smoke big green call it Bruce Banner
Watch your manners at last another blast from the top notch
From way back with the pop rocks I pop lock witcha
Picture this Dr. Dre twistin with Tha Liks
And Hittman bought a fix
Don't trip it's a Time Bomb in this bitch
Here it tick tick tick tick 
Wait a minute it's on I tell it like a true mackadelic
Weed and cocaine sold seperate check it
From sundown to sunup - clown done run up
The Aftermath'll be two in your gut nigga what?
[Chorus: Knoc-Turn'al Kokane]
We roll deep smoke on weed drink and back heat
Requirements for survival each day - in L.A.!
It don't stop we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way - in L.A.!
Gimme that mic fool it's a West coast jack move
They call me Hitt - cause I spit like gats do
Cock me back
Bust caps for my max crew at Fairfax
Who used to wear Air Max shoes that's true
But I grew up where niggaz jack you harass you
Blast you for that set you claim 
Mash on you for your turkish chain C.K. B.K.
Blued up or flame I ran with a gang
I helped niggaz get jacked for they Dana Dane's
My pants hang below my waistline
I look humble wanna rumble? 
I bang though like Vince Carter from the baseline
Don't waste my time
Fuck a scrap in killa Cali AK's and 9's
One-time's sunshines and fine-ass bitches
Hawaiian thai drive-by six-fo's on switches
I was raised in the hood called WHAT-THE-DIF'
Where the brothers in the hood refused to go Hollywood
Slugs for the fuck of it
Anybody hatin on us can suck a dick
If I catch you touchin mine you catch a flatline dead on the floor
Better than yours drivin away gettin head from a whore
It's AvireX-to-the-Z
Fuckin with me might get you banned from TV
Cassette and CD it's all mine the whole nine the right time
Multiply we don't die the streets don't lie
What so neither do I I'm bad for your health
Like puttin a pistol up to your face and blastin yourself
Five in the mornin burglars at my do'
Glock forty-five in my dresser drawer
Let em come in BLAOW he see the thunder roll
Roll with niggaz who by fifths by the fo'
And bruise by the case
SLAP YOU in the face with the bass Dr. Dre laced
Likwit Kings with Sedans and gold rings
Haters fold the style lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
YEAH! 
{Shit!}....YEAH! Ohhh... 
{Damn! 
Oh that pussy is good tho...} 
Oh shit! 
{It's good!} 
OHHH! OHHH! 
Fuck you hurtin' me bitch! {Oh shit!} 
OHHH! {Oh yeah you're da bitch beotch!} 
OHHH! {Oh shit!} 
{Damn!} 
{Damn!}  
{Damn!} 
You're makin' my pussy sore bastard! {Oh shit!} 
{Oh my nuts!} 
Aww Fuck me! {OHHH!} Fuck... 
{Oh shit yo' face!}  {Oh damn damn damn oh 
Shit oh 
Fuckin in my ass bastard! 
{Shit! Ohhh... Ohhh... DAMN!} 
Oh shit I can't see!  
Oh shit! {Oh shit!} 
Fuck! {Whore!} Ahhh... 
{Damn that shit was good...} 
Ahhh oh shit... 
{Ohhh my god...} 
Ohhhh....ohhhh...ohhhh... 
{Damn...} 
Oh that shit feels so good... 
Ohhh...ohhh...ohhh... 
{Shit!} 
Oh get the fuck up! Oh get the fuck up now! 
Oh you fucked the shit out of us! 
Fuckin big dick master! {Oh shit! Aight...} 
Oh shit! {Aight chill chill chill give me five minutes damn!} 
Well get the fuck up! 
Jake hurry up 'cause you know I gotta get home to my nigga...'cause you know... 
You know you gots to get some at home hahaha... 
Now I'm lovin that big 
{Ooooh shit!} 
Ha ha..what? You got a problem? 
{Man fuck your man lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Now this this is one of them occasions
where the homies not doin it right
I mean he found him a hoe that he like
But you can't make a hoe a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
a bitch is a bitch but a Dogg is a man's best friend
So what you found you a hoe that you like
But you can't make a hoe a housewife  
I mostly sold dick while I packed a gold clip
Worked my money-maker she got paper she bout to trip
 I cannot G guilty
You pimpin strong but comin home to sheets that be filthy
She on the dillzy I take advantage
All up in them panties I got this bitch speakin Spanish
I'm mannish - get yo' nails out my back
Slut I'm bout to nut and get up go scrub yo' cat
Learn the player rules this is how I play a dude
Might not be a freak but she got on the choosin shoes
Dollar signs are folded I can't control it
Tryin to leave her beeper just exploded
She sweatin me won't let me broad turned fraud
Now she on this dick huh got her turnin tricks huh
Man it's a trip I don't trip I'm in yo' Lexus flexin
I left her up in Dallas Texas - assed-out 
Naw hoe is short for honey almost had her Wailin like Bunny
Tellin tales of bein pregnant catchin Norstrom sales with abortion money
I spotted her seen her with my nigga when I shot at her
Now we got beef he caught up in the hoe's erotica
Exotic - she's psychotic rockin his Nautica
Soon he'll need antibiotics 
Name a sexual disease she got it like Sam Goody
You be like 
Fool I pity ya
We live in the city off ballers
with more bouncin than a Zapp she will doo-wah-diddy-ya
Prettier to grittier the wittier can get her
to the Hotel Niko on some Sauve shit like Rico
That's when I caught a Vision like Coleco
A high-post hoe a perfect way for me to keep dough
Huh have her sellin ass on Bronson Ave. and Pico 
At the ho-tel mo-tel or the Holiday Inn 
I said if that bitch keep fuckin up  then we'll fuck her friends
I said I dip dive what can I say?
Niggaz need to stop fuckin with O.J.
Some niggaz bang blood some niggaz bang crip
And bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
I had to dream of hoes I had to scream at hoes
I seen my hoes in all kinds of clothes
Lil' Almond Joy I truly enjoy
if you blew my balls right through my drawers
Come back to the mansion chill at the spot
From the way she was blowin I know she does it a lot
I have a eight-and-a-half nine-and-three-quarters
The hoe started callin when I started boss ballin
Gimme some head gimme some ass 
Gimme some cash pass it to Daz
Pass it to Snoop or pass it to Nate
Hoes eat dick like eggs and steak
That ain't shit new I thought you knew 
I knew you would you wish you could
break a G down lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
It's fuckin ackrite
Question is - can I get some? Knahmsayin?
Ackrite bitch
When I see you in the spot you just ackrite youknahmsayin?
When I yank you by the fuckin perm
don't be lookin at a nigga crazy
Just get with the digits and be the fuck out youknahmsayin?
Let me break it down for y'all 
It was just one of those days
when I wanted to catch sunrays
Fun to get blunted on a Sunday afternoon
Nigga ? got room grab the gat for misbehavors
and the chocolate faded boom flossin hip-hop tunes
Zoom-zoom like the Commodores
Wonder will we have drama or end up clownin whores
Around the full good-to-go girls
like them ?? girls ridin shotgun baby
I be postin all-world in the ride
Sippin 151 that gave me too much pride to back down
Soon as we get to the beach I'ma put my fuckin mack down
I'm playin lead not the background
It's time to put Bronson on the map now
Walk with my hand on my Johnson crack a smile
Cuties peep my style if I don't get some ackrite
I'ma have to ack-wild 
Blunt in my left hand drink in my right
Strap by my waistline cause niggaz don't fight
Sucker free for life so you better think twice
I'm the type of nigga playa haters don't like
Snatchin up your honey for some late night hype
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite
(Aight? So give a nig' some ackrite right) 
Uhhhhh.. drink kickin in I'm stimulated
For those that don't know big words I'M FUCKIN FADED
Eighty-three degrees ease to a shaded spot
Our first spot was cool til some gangsters made it hot
Now we plot and pose
plus we watchin hoes with lots of flesh exposed
gettin swarmed by those type of niggaz
with no game but brown-nose
So I impose only like pros can
"Yo is this your man?No."
Grab the bitch's hand 
Bling! Gold chain gleam
Maybe too extreme cause the sister got steamed
Then Miss Thing tried to scream on my brethern
I got mad spit flame on the name
Stefan tattooed on her arm
Hoe you ain't the bomb must be a dyke
witcho' lips swoll and give a nig' some ackrite 
Frontin on the ack-rite causin me to act up
Good Samaritan save that hoe from gettin slapped up
My homies crack up at the scene I made
Yo my actions ain't serene when a nigga's on fade
If it wasn't for the one-time brigade
I woulda sprayed at the hooker tramp
As cops parade I'm afraid it's time to break camp
Make tracks where else can we go to take hoes
from fake macks {*CAR HORN*} aiyyo chase them girls
in that black Maxima the passenger almost fractured her
neckbone lookin back at us
Plus they on the dick cause the Caddy's plush
They blush I bumrush the hush with the largest crush
Try to swing an ep tonight so I don't have to keep in touch
Keep it on hush without the tip-in
Mackin interrupted by some niggaz set-trippin
Clip in the strap lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Everywhere I go all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 
Everyday it's the same thang L.A. ain't changed
Niggaz still playa hatin but Dre ain't changed
I'm just a lot smarter now
cause these niggaz is bangin ten times harder now
Niggaz ringin they ass up in the wrong part of town
Better turn they car around
Rollin the window down 
Johnny got a shotgun
and he ain't even strong enough to cock one
Fuck tryin to job hunt
Niggaz got AK's niggaz is way crazier
than Dre was back in his N.W.A. days
Niggaz spray strays and shoot without lookin
Niggaz walk by and blast without leavin a footprint
I think the attitudes are twice as worst
It takes half the time to get your life reversed
Always tryin to play Rambo with they ammo
Make a nigga wanna stay in family mode 
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! 
Late nights is full of led that whistles as it goes by
Murder arrives anytime
Bullets take flight when the fo'-five ignites
Some hearts skip a beat some get blew out and every light
put you in the site of youngsters with automatics
Bustin on shit to lay everything down even tourists and non-affiliates
These days gun play is official with green lights on every block
Know the sign tells you too it's not best to stop
On every corner Cali niggaz are dumpin
You'll be shakin your soul loose from the box at the coroner's
Makin death not so foreign to ya
Niggaz got Rugers and M-14's with enough 
ammo to leave an armored truck swiss cheese
I've learned to stay away from house parties
I've seen too many go and end up absent without leavin
Ain't no warm welcomings my eyes have witnessed the bend in on
Nights that don't sleep and fireworks until dawn 
Everywhere I go all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!! 
Now tell me - what the fuck is this man?
Niggaz doin brothers in worse than the Klan
Can't even stand in front of your buildin and chill
without yieldin twelve-year-old children that kill
blood spillin thugs be illin unnecessary slugs
fillin the sky usually drillin the one
that wasn't willin to die yes sir in the Killing Field
I got my life preserver
And I'll do my time for murder these niggaz got the nerve to
question me - bout the colors that I got on?
Now see that red dot on your knot
Bout to get your whole crew shot on
A Soldier of Fortune I'm the wrong nigga to plot on
Took him out on the spot before he even got on
my hitlist -- peep this
I cock back you bow down
Bust round bloody the ground retaliation sounds like this 
Everywhere I go all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go all I ever seem to see is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
Everywhere I go all I ever seem to hear is
BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!
No matter where I go lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Mary J. Blige Rell)
This one is for my brother Tyree R.I.P.
..  ..
A message to God
..  .. 
Since you finishin em early what posessed you to start him?
We made a vow - later we'll regret til death do us part
Lord I thought we was made for each other
You shouldn't connect those made to be taken away from each other
Now what I'm supposed to do? I'm only half the man that I was
I'll never last cause my better half is up there with you
You knew what you was doin when you made us; so with all due respect
you coulda forgave him you didn't have to take him
He can take the game with him cause he defines the word
The one who puts the G in it who you think put me in it?
I'm feelin like my whole world is blinded - wonderin why
Cryin pourin out my heart pourin out liquor behind it
We fought like brothers somethin we never should do
We coulda used time spent arguin tellin the truth
He had talent too - I had plans on watchin him grow
Don't know what hurts more - seein him leave or watchin him go 
Listen listen listen..  whoahh 
Listen listen listen..  whoahh-oahhh-oahhh
Listen listen listen.. 
Listen.. mmm-mmm-mmm 
If you wanna know why.. 
The way that I do.. 
So don't worry about me.. 
I'm just hustlin everyday runnin this race makin this paper 
Youse a soldier you're probably packin heat up there
Met up with homies from the street and got deep up there
If you only knew the way I felt before they ruined the crew
I thought I learned from Eazy now I'm goin through it with you
We lost a thug a son and a father
I spoke to your son the other day and told him Uncle Dre got him
The Lord must be accidentally pulling your file
cause I'm still paging you 911 straight in denial
Prayin you get it but no man can choose the card he was dealt
You either quit or you gon' play it like you get it
I done been through all emotions from in shock to keepin a poker face
to straight breakin down and showin all emotions
I'm anxious to believe in real G's don't cry
If that's the truth then I'm realizin I ain't no gangsta
It's just not me but you know I'ma always ride wit you
I miss you sometimes I wish I just died wit you 
Listen listen listen..  whoahh 
Listen listen listen.. whoahh-oahhh-oahhh
Listen listen listen.. 
Listen.. eyy-eyy-eyy-yeah-yeahh 
If you wanna know why.. 
The way that I do.. 
So don't worry about me.. (don't worry don't worry worry)
I'm just hustlin everyday runnin this race makin this paper 
yeah yeah ahhh-oooh-oahahahhhhh.. listen..
mmmmmmmmmhmhmhmmmmmm..
if you don't know why I.. you gotta listen up right now
lis-ten lis-ten lis-ten lis-ten..
oooooooooh... oahahoooohhh ooooha ohhhhh
lis-ten lis-ten
ahhhowooooo yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah-ehh-yeah yeah-ooeooooh
yahhooooohahhooooh listen
lis-ten children lis-ten
I'm tryin to tell you somethin good
Don't get caught up in the hood
Yeahhh-hah yeahhh-hah lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Compton was the American dream. Sunny California with a palm tree in the front yard the camper the boat. Temptingly close to the Los Angeles ghetto in the 50's and 60's it became . Open housing paved the way as middle-class blacks flooded into the city. Whites don't buy houses in Compton anymore. Now with 74% of the population black power is the fact of life. From banks to bowling alleys. But the dream that many blacks thought they were buying has turned sour. Though the mayor and four out of five city councilmen are black they have been unable to solve the problems of crime and growing welfare which is slowing turning suburban Compton into an extension of the black innercity. Crime is now as high as the ghetto. 47 homicides last year gave Compton one of the highest per capital rates in the country. Juvenile gang activity muggings lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
I don't give one fuck
Off the top I wish a nigga would try a nigga
Real shit y'all counterfeit
Y'all niggas bad business
That's why the game all fucked up
Fuck Glocks I'm all about Fort Knox nigga
Ridin' through your neighborhood
Throwin' money out the window like 
You about the dollar 
Your poor life been without it
My life in the spotlight
Oh no no no I ain't even got to talk about it talk about it
Hol' up if you really 'bout it
Tell these mothafuckas we don't even wanna talk about it what?
I don't know everything but one thing one thing I do know
One thing one thing I do know (I know I know I know)
Is one day I'mma have everything
It was all a dream it was all a dream 
I just bought California
Them other states ain't far behind it either
I remember selling instrumentals off a beeper
Millionaire before the headphones or the speakers
I was getting money 'fore the internet
Still got Eminem checks I ain't opened yet
MVP shit this is where the trophies at
D-R-E yeah this is where the dope is at
The world ain't enough I want it all
Goddammit I'm too old I forgot I got it all
But Andre young enough to still get involved
And Andre still young enough to say fuck y'all
Fuck you fuck you and you in the corner too
If you wanna beef make sure that that's somethin' you wanna do
There's some missin' people that felt that way too
I don't know everything but one thing one thing I do know
One thing one thing I do know (I know I know I know)
Is one day I'mma have everything
It was all a dream... It was all a dream... 
What the fuck was y'all thinking?
You let the wrong young nigga link with a legend
'Lotta new niggas talking crazy on the records
I'm the only king here you can tell 'em that I said it
I'm the black Eminem I'm the humbler 50
I'm D.O.C. who do it better? Nobody fuckin' with me
I murder rappers everyday 'til police come and get me
And Dre just come and bail me out and then we hit the studio
Ain't no new rap in my ear too many depressed niggas
Emotional every song deserve to have breast niggas
Crying 'bout my old girl funny how I left niggas
Trying to get my ex boxed Red Ring of Death niggas
I'm Kanye raising the diamond on the day of his chaining
If this was you your diamond wouldn't be worth the appraising
I'm just talking reckless I'm just off the record
But I mean it kept my blessings
We was dreaming now we close enough to see it
I don't know everything but one thing one thing I do know
One thing one thing I do know (I know I know I know)
Is one day I'ma have everything
It was all a dream it was all a dream 
Listen I've been tryna get it all
I'm just in this bitch I'ma show 'em how to get involved
Yeah I want everything yeah I want everything
Talk about it hol' up if you really 'bout it
Tell these mothafuckas we don't even wanna talk about it lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Kendrick Lamar Marsha Ambrosius & Candice Pillay)
Stone cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9 all eyes on me
Murder murder
Murder murder
Call 9-1-1 emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder it's murder
Murder murder
Murder
My daddy done killed a bitch
Went and put that dome to her head
My daddy done killa you
Don't feel a pull a part that man and
 What it look like?
See my daddy done kill 'em dead
Bullets come down from the earth
My daddy done killa you
Don't feel a pull a part that man and
 What it look?
Stone cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9 all eyes on me
Murder murder
Murder murder
Call 9-1-1 emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder it's murder
Murder murder
Murder
Murderess murder listen hit a suburban whippin'
Tinted windows ride at your wifey  and I bet you miss her
Reload the protools and we throw the clip in both trays
That's one on the left and one in the right hand Scottie Pippen both ways
Been doin' drive-bys got this music industry timelined
Lookin' like Rosecrans when these niggas throw up them signs high
I'm talkin' about that bottom where it's hot grinds
Shit Iím just tryna get paid and keep ëem thighs high
Sometimes I feel like I could just bury ëem bury 'em
Cause delirium mass hysteria scarier area
I'm very aware that hip hop needed somethin' to carry it
So I married that bitch and swung down in that chariot
Hangin' way too fuckin' close beware the barrier
This is hub city nigga don't make us embarrass you
Man you should be realistic these niggas 'round here ballistic
We did the numbers and you lookin' like another statistic
Stone cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9 all eyes on me
Murder murder
Murder murder
Call 9-1-1 emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
It's murder it's murder
Murder murder
Murder
Ahh recognize whatever side the sides reside until the dead has risen
Live in a project building dodgin' the module ceilings
I ride I'mma ride in a stolen jeep
Ride with the eyes of five blind men my vision 
Mama tried counselin' five plans for Kendrick 
My family's ties had sabotaged Rosecrans existence 
My aliens on surveillance they payed me a visit 
Our stadium's packed raiders in black
Curls drippin' silver bullet palladium in my strap
I lie on the side of a one way street
Nowhere to go death all I can see
I say  I fuck 'em up your supper's up or somethings up
I hoping all get orthotist rope it before the double dutch broke
Plenty ruckus with the weapon I protect it under oath
My discretion fuck your blessing fuck your life
Fuck your hope fuck your mama
Fuck your daddy fuck you dead homie
Fuck the world up when we came up that's Compton homie!
Murder murder
Murder
Murder
It's all murder
Murder
Murder murder
Murder lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Family problems it ain't easy handling those needs
Baby mama drama I just need a little time to go to sleep
(Damn only if I had a little time for me)
Record company motherfuckers asking me when I'm gonna release
(I want the pressure homie so much pressure on me)
And my homies on my back about me helping them get up off them streets 
And it all falls back on me
Sometimes somehow it all falls back on me
No matter where we are no matter what we doing it's on me
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be
It's kind of funny how they fall back on me
I used to never get a call back homie
Before the money they didn't see me like it's dark and it's all black homie
But now they switching cause the card black homie
It wasn't always that way
We was recording on the 4-track homie
New apartment no fridge no mattress no table no cable
And all I hear is my girl in my ear
And this nigga Eazy asking for his car back homie
I would've never saw this happening from that far back homie
What it came to be would have never believed living the life I lived in C-P-T
A motherfucking dream to reality is what you call that homie
It was something to me
No eat no sleep wasn't nothing to me
Can't always be how you want it to be
And I'm the one that they looking up to
Fuck they expecting from me?
And it all falls back on me
Sometimes somehow it all falls back on me
No matter where we are no matter what we doing it's on me
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be
That's just the way it is and how it always was
DJing parties in my neighborhood just for the love
Dope dealers overtipping and bitches stripping
And any minute niggas start tripping and start shooting shit
On any given day I'm like 
Face down on the pavement with the billy clubs
Took that feeling to the studio and cued it up
And now it's  all up in the club
Now it's '91 and Snoop Dogg came to visit
And was like 
Couldn't help myself just had to dip into that chronic life
And then that night came in when that nigga Knight came in 
This one of those dreams you don't wake up from
Then again you don't sleep if you come from where I come from
When the sun shines and they bust nines
Don't dial 9 plus 1-1
When they run up on your school bus with a two truck you might learn something
And it all falls back on me
Sometimes somehow it all falls back on me
No matter where we are no matter what we doing lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Fear fear's a powerful thing. I mean it's got a lot of firepower. If you can figure out a way to wrestle that fear to push you from behind rather than to stand in front of you that's very powerful. I always felt that I had to work harder than the next guy just to do as well as the next guy. And to do better than the next guy I had to just kill. And you know to a certain extent that's still with me in how I work you know I just... go in
Sittin' 'bout a hundred stories up like what the fuck?
And I'm just lookin' at it all
I'll be right here in Los Angeles
Lookin' like a villain layin' low
Nothin' I can do but pack it all up
Goin' up but shit I feel the love
Spotlight on me and I'm feelin' so rare tonight
Actin' a fool and feelin' alive
I'm fuckin' flawless like I live in a vault
Only type of livin' I know
See if it was you you would've killed yourself by now
It takes a special kind of mothafucka to live like this
And they ask me how I do it
Mothafucka just take a look around
Best believe I'm in the buildin' I hear you mothafuckas talkin' and all that but uh
No no don't mention me at all
Yeah comin' live and direct
And I know you feelin' some type of way about it but uh
Watch your mouth I dare your ass to say somethin'
I thought it was all good
But now you mothafuckas crossed the line
Kinda pissin' me off
All the fans and all the fame and though I gave everything to this game
They still complain
Now what the fuck do y'all expect me to do?
There's so much fuckin' pressure
There's all this pressure
And it's all in a day's work
Work hard
Workin' so hard
24/7 3-6-5
365 hard work
It's all in a day's work
My whole life all I ever thought about was grindin'
Even though my surroundings only showed me crime and violence
That was back when a rapper needed guns way more than a stylus
And that was back when I felt like rappers was true mothafuckin' riders
Or even back in the day when I was a fuckin' youngster
Shit I was still sayin' 
Born and raised in the belly of the beast
I had a dream that we was at peace
But I was so wrong.. so wrong
Y'all too wrapped up in the bullshit and bias
Now reality TV talks about pulpits and choirs
Some of these hoes give less than a fuck when they runnin' their life story by us
It's the worst when I'm in a hotel like a Hilton sick and tired
Some of these housewives way too fuckin' desperate
These bitches thinkin' fame first
I can't knock the hustle it's all in a day's work
But that's that shit with potential to make the game worse
Shit it's just somethin' about that Hollywood curse
They just thirst
Hard times
I'm on my grind fuck the part-time
Stay ready for war I'm on the front line
I'm gettin' the feelin' like it's all mine
It's becoming the only feeling I know
Only type of livin' I know
Only type of livin' I know
Only type of livin' I know
Only type of livin' I know
Gonna go to work
We gotta work
We gotta work
Let's get back to work
On the grind back to work
Let's work
Rich as fuck but guess what I'm back to work
Overseas back home no time to sleep I'm back to work
So many people that I love they want my time but I got to work
Some of my friends don't understand I got to work
Always talkin' 'bout bustin' the club but I'm like 
If you really wanna do it like this shit you better get back to work
Back to work
Right back to work
Gotta get back to work
Shit lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. King Mez Marsha Ambrosius & Kendrick Lamar)
Where you at? where you from?
What you doing over here motherfucker?
Whatchu think? what you bang?
This ain't your motherfuckin gang
Now I ain't never been no gangsta
But I know niggas know niggas from the darkside
There's some cold killas cold niggas
My nigga used to roll with us roll with us
Married to the more money more women
Now I ain't ever been the one to pull a gun on you
But you know who got 'em
No I never sell no drugs homie but I know who got 'em
And I never had no fucking bullets in me but I know who got 'em
If you die tonight you die tonight
Momma might cry to night if she find you high off the dynamite
But to you is just another Friday night
Got a nigga for the car tonight
With the bible right beside that pile of white
That's what this life is like
Now please don't give me a reason
Cause I know you wanna keep breathing this evening
I've been killing the game for seasons believe him
That I'm the motherfucking one to breed them and lead 'em
In a league my own you ain't even made it up to my throne
You ain't even authorised for this song
Might be best for you to get gone
Best be careful about your tone
That shit can hit me wrong in this song
I have tried my best to be calm
Please don't make me grab that phone
Now who you know who came this fucking far
From the fucking bottom?
30 years in this bitch and I'm still here
Decade after decade
And evidently I must be doing something right
Word to my nigga Eazy
Eazy-E CPT OG from the other side 
From the other side 
It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone
I went from hanging out down at the swap meet
To driving some of the hottest cars LA has ever seen
People been telling me I've grown into some kind of monster
But they don't know me though I've been this way since 17
Tryna get finances poppin' man I thought that was the object
To some of my niggas lost they life and then that goes the team
My only dream was holding us down like fuck who tryna stop us
You could get the middle finger or the reddest beam
It's your choice I took this industry by storm young and black
Killing them softly don't ever call me fortunate
You don't know what it cost me
So anybody complaining about they circumstances lost me homie
We ain't even talking fuck that energy fuck up off me
It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone
You look at my lifestyle I'm living my life now
I'm dealing with diligent Benjamin
How come my attitude piped down?
I'm fuckin' with Ice now
I'm fucking with shit you can only get on an oversea flight now
You scare of my heist now
But still I got enemies giving me energy I wanna fight now
Subliminally sent to me all of this hate
I thought I was holding the mic down
I thought I was holding my city up
I thought I was good in the media
You think I'm too hood in my video?
But really no clue you idiot
I just can't help myself
Even when that record spin
Every now and then you hang yourself
Cause I got the Beem in gold with a million sold
Like 19 more lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Xzibit Cold 187um & Sly Pyper)
All my life I've been down to ride
Till I kept it real and I stayed alive with no compromise
And I fantasize about the baddest bitch and being between her thighs
Then I woke up and realized this is my motherfuckin' real life
You know where the fuck I'm from
From that muthafuckin' legendary
From the city where the niggas load clips and fats and get stabbed at home room should've skipped that class
Shit will never change on the West Side
Jack your shit take your car for a test drive 
Gangbanin' out the window hollering let's ride
Gotta keep a tec by the bedside
These niggas don't know my life
All this pain and what I sacrificed
And all my niggas that lost their life you never die you never die
I'm in that motherfuckin' one for a minute now
All y'all lil' niggas need to simmer down
Shut the fuck up I'm the one that's killing now
Take a look who on top of the pinnacle
R.I.P to KMG
I'm still gonna murder and don't give a fuck where the body at
You do too much talkin' I walk in the building I just give a fuck where the money at
They trust me it's only just one of them
I'm callin' them shots and makin' the plays and if you get a train better fuck with him
I keep it gangsta y'all testin my patience
Got me feelin' so anxious I be lookin' so facetious
Feel like running a capre
(Wait hold up I got next)
Spent my birthday in Dubai
Skyrise surprise and I'm dressed like a spy
Black tux oh you fucks guess what I'm ready to blow
(Yo oh no)
I hang that 6-2 sideways
Pissin' off the neighbors scrapin' bumpin' in the driveway
You gave me the pistol told me to kill at will
(Blow yo oh no)
Literally cashed out just livin' to me
Blast it like a Kennedy beat
Wanna get rid of 'em? Send them to me
While I'm just over here cozy holdin' these double D's
She book smart with pornographic abilities
These motherfuckers still talking? Fuck 'em!
That's why they bring X and the guillotine out
To stop these bitches niggas from runnin' their mouth
One in the glove one in the clip one in the chamber
One on the dash one in the stash ready for danger
I'm ready to die I can't control this fuckin' anger
Ah shit somebody better fuckin' stop me
Cause I'm a loose cannon that can't stand myself I'm bad for my own health
You niggas really think I give a fuck about somebody else 
I swear to god I'ma do it back the fuck up I'ma do it I swear to god I'ma lose it
Baby baby
What the fuck are you doing? Put the gun down
Really? Are you doin' this shit to me again?
You is so fucked up for this
(Wait wait wait wait)
I'm sorry!
Don't point the fuckin' gun on me!
Okay put the fuckin' gun down!
No no no no!!
Alright I got her legs
Man this bitch is heavy
You gotta get under her armpits
Shut the fuck up I got it
What the what the fuck did you guys do?
It was this nigga
Me?
Shit matter of fact you know what you go dig the fuckin' hole this time
I don't give a fuck it will be the first fuckin' hole I ever dug
Who the fuck is that?
I don't know ask fuckin' Charles Manson right here
Oh oh you're tryin' to be funny? You're really fuckin' tryin' to be funny right now?
Shh shh shut your ass up
This is bad
This is this is fucking bad man
Fuck it lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Ice Cube Anderson .Paak & Dem Jointz)
From close range we official
Cocaine money and pistols
Goddammit I got issues
Can't be serious
Alright now here we go
Where my city at?
Fuck with me come on
I know you're feelin' that
Fuck with me come on
You know I'm really that
Fuck with me come on
Come on come on
Don't even act like I ain't about my business
Mothafucka come on!
Come on come on
Full clip ammunition
You don't wanna deal with these fuckin' consequences
Fuckboys should tighten up a whole lot
I got some niggas with me down for runnin' up in your spot
And these niggas got hatchets and ratchets
Some of them lethals up under the mattress
And matter of fact this is a chance to show my lifestyle out to the masses
But chances are I might get another negative reaction
They got my fraction but I fucks 'em up like battery acid
Who gives a fuck what you think nigga? This is my passion
Ride through the time you know my name you know my reputation
You know what it is I don't need to give no explanation
When you say my fuckin' name add exclamation
Los Angeles king now make your bitch bring crowns
To me and Dre you don't like it you can lay
Think I'm quiet cause I'm actin' but my bank account gon' say
Fuck you! Respected from SoCal out to the Bay
Cashed a lot of checks this mornin' guess today was a good day
Now I lay me down
And wake up to gunshots in this crazy town
Good mornin'
And the sleepers'll join the fallen
But this is what the fuck is up doin' this for my city
Comp-town Hub this my fuckin' committee
Shout out to Dub C real nigga be with me
C-Walkin' on these niggas with a crease in them Dickies
You know how many nights I heard them sparks echo in the park?
Around this time I was spinnin' records at Eve After Dark
My CD crazy school girls used to play with that chalk
Same chalk police used to outline niggas we lost
You understand what I'm sayin'? Shit is crazy man
Fuck the money yo this shit could never change me man
These new niggas in this bitch could never phase me man
I know it's strange but on some real shit it's plain as day
Just havin' some fuckin' fun with this rap shit
Nigga with an attitude still gettin' active
Man this industry to me it feels a little plastic
I ain't heard nothin' that I can consider classic
But this is for my niggas who been runnin' with me
And everybody in this bitch that's out there gunnin' for me
And I got love for my people that stay one hundred with me
I'ma keep it A1 lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Kendrick Lamar Justus & Anderson .Paak)
What is going on in Compton I don't understand it?
Well as it relates to this this is not in my field as the clerk so anything that relates to this you'll probably have to get an answer from Dr. Dre
I heard you talking about respect I gave you niggas the utmost 
All you niggas the utmost 
Would you look over Picasso's shoulder and tell him about his brush strokes?
Them opinions I don't trust those
I apologize the city made a niggas so cut-throat
Every hood love me but it started on one coast
Coulda stopped in '86 but I knew that you would want more
I'm on the throne in a place some niggas won't go
Don't get it fucked up
Been away from home
Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga huh?
Compton)
Pst this is about round for them
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah down in the Pacific 
Where them sharks at nigga down in the deep water
Listen listen listen
All you niggas swimming in the info
Gonna fuck around and drown in the specifics
Always going overboard used to be my kinfolk
Now you sleeping with the motherfuckin' fishes
(Swimming with the mothefuckin' fishes what the business?)
These niggas won't let up until they all wet up
Don't get it fucked up
Naw nigga now everybody wanna visit
Tryna re-up that prescription 
Yup yeah re-up
That's my nigga water colors couldn't even paint the picture
They don't get the picture fuck them
Yeah drugs by the dozen
You might just wanna go and check the children
I'm the one that got they ear for many years
I been making parents live in fear
I just wanna make it clear
My influence run deep like the ocean
Don't get it fucked up
Been away from home
Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga huh?
Compton)
Feel's like you're drowning don't you?
About a hundred miles down in that ocean
It's over shoulda never jumped in
If you can't swim (if you can't swim if you can't swim)
Oh my God where's a life guard when you need one?
Motherfucker know I started from the bottom vodka baby bottle
Mixin' up with Similac my momma knew I had a problem
Wasn't thinking about no rapping I was drinking for a dollar
Putting quarter pieces in the black Caprice and make it holla
No releasing me I got the beast in me
I gotta holla keep the decency and make them TNT my product
I'm a C-O-M-P-T-O-innovator energizer
Inner-city bullet fly 'til that bitch on auto pilot 
I don't give a fuck about your whereabouts
All I care about is wearing out your area
And airing out your upper body
When I catch ya walking out your parents house
Probably got fucked up tryna park his tour bus
Not knowing what's what
Or who's who living in the L.A county zoo
Pick them off like a big dog motherfucker woof
Once upon a time I shot a nigga on accident (boom boom boom)
I tried to kill him but I guess I needed more practicing (boom boom boom)
That's when I realized banging wasn't for everybody
Switch it up before my enemy or the sheriff got me
They liable to bury him they nominated six to carry him
They worry him to death but he's no vegetarian
The beef is on his breath inheriting the drama better than
A great white nigga this is life in my aquarium
Been away from home
Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga huh?
Compton)
This is about where I'm from
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah down in the Pacific
Where them sharks at
Nigga down in the deep water
Help me
Feels like you're drowning
I'm drowning
Help me
Help me help me
Somebody help me
(Shoulda never jumped in
If you if you can't swim)
Help me 
Help me help me help me
I can't I can't breathe
I can't wait help
God please please help me please
Please help me please help...
Please help lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Guess who's back it ain't a fuckin' question
They know the name bow in the presence of a living legend
Fuck what you heard it's murda murda you gon' need protection
Some niggas blinded couldn't see so look for me to come and give direction
Who hold the crown it ain't no conversation
I'm bein' modest should be silent 'less you payin' homage remain the hottest
Niggas can't stop us that's just being honest
And makin' hits I never had problems much in that department
Don't get me started don't compare me to the newest nigga
For everyone of you there's a hundred more and I watch them come n' go
My track record ain't coincidental
And these verses is like hearses consistently killin' all with instrumentals
Tell me fuck what would ya'll do without me?!
Kill yourself or even think of something crazy 'bout me
I'm like Ali a fuckin' champ now watch me rope a dope
Just watch him choke cause everythin' I drop is dope
Now watch 'em all go up in smoke
I came here to raise hell I can't lie
One shot one kill it's real I ain't hired
Don't shoot one shot if you ain't ready to die
And never get it fucked up I got shooters for hire
Cause you don't want it I have you like aye aye
Better back the fuck up over guns so I try
Now that weak shit will never slide I despise
You are now not in the presence of nice guys
Look what the fuck I was just chillin' in the cut
And no beginners only winners run amok you runners up
You funny fuck like twenty bucks I know your slut will let me fuck
I told my city  now look how high they hold me up
I'm Kobe clutch I hold my nuts till I was old enough to cuss
Was kissin' bitches after lunch now that's a muthafuckin' rush
So by highschool I was fuckin' niggas bitches on the hush
So no questions and no panties in a muthafuckin' must
It's the peoples rapper I ain't no rapper
I'm the rapture on the mornin' after
You lackin' passion you ain't bad you just a wack distraction
I can't relax cause I feel the magic smashin' Toni Braxton
Where your sisters at? Let's get it crackin' 
Look I was young I was broke
Had no hope so I wrote that's how I cope
I went hard with no results
New approach same truth
Just get ready aim shoot then get buried bang woof
So they better bring troops because...
I came here to raise hell I can't lie
One shot one kill it's real I ain't hired
You won't shoot one shot if you ain't ready to die
Never get it fucked up I got shooters for hire
Cause you don't want it I have you like aye aye
Better back the fuck up over guns so I try
Now that weak shit we'll never slide I despise
You are now not in the presence of nice guys
It's fuckin' murder baby
I'm tryna hurt 'em baby
I know you heard me baby
Feel like I'm goin' crazy
It's fuckin' murder baby
Run run run the cops almost got me
Another tear drop another fuckin' body
Uh uh uh another fuckin' body
Uh uh uh another body
Uh uh uh another body
Uh uh uh another body
Uh uh uh another fuckin' body lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
It's motherfuckin' Game time!
Six pounds of chronic on my grandma coffee table
That's how you remember it that's how I remember it
Yeah dip into the liquor store .9 in my khaki's
Crips tryna get at me my red Impala bumping like acne
My city a trap me
Been shot robbed stabbed chased home socked out
Jabbed by esse's cops degenerate niggas with rags
Disintegrate niggas went into me dome shots like Kennedy
Slugs trippin' with Henessey got murderous tendencies
And if you don't know where the fuck they got me from
Martin Scorsese when I pull out my gun
Scarface car chase tell me how your blood taste
Ask your baby mama she'll tell you how a blood taste
Basket case still I'm back with Dre shit I never left
Run up in Beats 
Produced by a billionaire in this motherfucker
Still smoking Dre we need a ceiling in this motherfucker
Compton!
They're killing in this motherfucker
They're drilling in this motherfucker
Lock the door they're stealing in this motherfucker
No chains no reins this my home
Nigga this hub city no fly zone
Niggas pull out burners start breaking like turbo on ozone
Crack fiends on the back streets
Where the tracks lean and the needles lay
And switchblades if you bitch made
Put chili all on your Frito Lay's
Where we dream of Montego Bay
But all we got is the swap meet
Where the cops meet go bang bang
Leaves blood stains on the concrete
And I'm the only nigga bumping Mobb Deep
Cause I mob deep down that side street
I'm a west side rider  gats on collars
Don't hate me better get your dollars
I be on Rosecrans with a Glock in both hands
Leaning on that bro hand
Flame dump like a co-tail with my name on it
Another day in Compton the thrill is high
Know somebody's watching but I don't know why
Feel the fire burning it touches the sky
Feeling coming at you I won't die tonight
So I get by I get by
I get by I get lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Jill Scott Jon Connor & Anderson .Paak)
For the love of money
For the love of money
For the love of money
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money mayne
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money mayne
Say what's up to the broke nigga at the rich party
Who the fuck let this nigga in?
Do I look like I give a fuck? Sorry
Looking at these hoes and they gold digger gorgeous tryna get me
I run game on a bitch one Mississippi two Mississippi
Flint nigga in the spot til they pop one and the cops come like 
Motherfuckers own a shotgun like a pop gun and they ready like yeah
Still a good nigga I'm a Northside nigga til I'm gone
Do it for the ones in the hood like Connor gon' put the city on
Fuck that shit nigga fuck that shit go
Live for my hood look this for my block
Ride for the hood gotta spit it like Pac
I ain't got shit but I still feel good
Nigga can't take what a nigga don't got
Go hard in the paint you can tell em post up
Homie in the hood like 
Your mans in the hood talking all that shit
When they ran up on him lil buddy froze up
All they be talkin' but ain't saying nothing
Niggas be talking that ain't what they want
Ain't no fake shit around here
Cause my nigga my city is really as real as the fuck
I be killing this and not giving a fuck
You laugh at a bitch she get hid in the trunk
You think this sound crazy that's how I grew up
So this for my people that's still in the cut
I said I want that need that
The root of all evil mayne (get it get it)
I said I want that need that
The root of all evil mayne
Said what's up to the nigga wearing all black at a white party
And I'm looking like I don't give a fuck
That's how I get down nigga sorry
And I'm looking like I don't play no games nah nigga don't try me
Been that nigga that's been spitting that
Paid dues like a motherfucking hobby
If you're on that bullshit nigga better fly that shit right by me
I came from the bottom of this bitch and made it out of that shit
And that's why we on top of this motherfucking world
Damn look at that body
She come along with the territories
Turn around move it for me bend it over end of story
Got a relationship with that money
Even though I know she knows she crazy
(Please just let it go seize no saving you)
Ride ride
Til the motherfucking wheels fall off in this bitch
But I'm never stopping my poppin'
(These numbers don't lie but your love is superficial
It's the simple shit you need to pay attention to)
Want that need that
Root of all evil mayne
I said I want that need that
Root of all evil mayne
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money mayne
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money mayne
Want that need that
The root of all evil mayne get it get it
I said I want that lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Snoop Dogg Marsha Ambrosius & King Mez)
Simple pleasures rockstar living
Drugs and mansions hit the ceiling
Cars expensive blow this action
True revealing
Satisfiction
Yeah I mean I listen to these rap records
Half the time I'm suspicious
You niggas sound so fictitious
Believe me I know the difference
I got some words for you niggas
You're the definition of 
Listen up I been where you're going three times and plus
Big houses cars jewelry bad bitches all around us
Motherfucker uh I seen it all and guess what
It's the  you feel me?
Oh yeah I see what you're saying
I know some niggas just like that
Frontin' ass niggas man really ain't got no bucks like that
Stuck like that its cool if you cool gettin' love like that
Flashin' down the Southside Raleigh
You'll be runnin' outta blunts like that
What I mean by that is
Why your name always in these rental records
Spendin' rent money gettin' that bottle service into your section
You leased your car leased your house leased your spouse
No she leavin' if you run outta paper
And might be smashin' your neighbor
I know you think you're a star cause followers clickin'
Guess your ambition is to keep up with social tradition
Like sneaker shoppin' summer you niggas are fuckin' sickenin'
Cause you'll take your soul out just so you can fit in
Simple pleasures rockstar living
Drugs and mansions hit the ceiling
Cars expensive blow this action
True revealing
Satisfiction
Cuz fuck wrong with these niggas
These labels always ask me to do a song with these niggas
Doc I think its time for you to open up the pharmacy nigga
And change this fuckin' music shit my nigga you should consider
Nah I'll be doin' me lokin keepin' these bad bitches open
And keeping them wet yep see cause Long Beach right by that ocean
Sippin' that gin and juice my nigga yep I'm still on that potion
All these random niggas fake as fuck and I'm stil gettin' noticed
God damn man how we s'posed to handle this shit cuh
Everything we done built these niggas dismantled this shit cuh
We gotta get back to that real that's on the dub
Another lesson from your uncle Snoop what what what?
(I'm just stating the facts
Don't get no realer than that
Satisfiction attention listen play your position player)
Shouldn't be too hard my nigga
Supposed to be like a lay up
It shouldn't be so hard to be yourself
My nigga wake up
Stay up pay up straight up cake up
Thats what I'm made of high? Yup
My life is all authentic that's why I'm goin' way up
Your satisfaction is fictitious your happiness is made up
Simple pleasures rockstar living
Drugs and mansions hit the ceiling
Cars expensive lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
These old sneakers faded blue jeans
No tricks no gimmicks I be stomping down down down down down demons
Rolling up trees in the belly of the beast
Where the people disagree the upper class hate
Middle don't exist the bottom of the beat glad I got my sticks
Are you jumping on a fad laying in a ditch
I be stomping down demons stomping down quick come on
The police don't come around these parts
They tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fuckin' shit up come on
Bullets still ringing blood on the cement
Black folks grieving headlines reading
Tryna pay it no mind you just living your life
Everyone is a witness everyone got opinions
Got a son of my own look him right in his eyes
I ain't living in fear but I'm holding him tight
Got a son of my own look him right in his eyes
I ain't living in fear but I'm holding him tight
Damn why the fuck are they after me?
Maybe cause I'm a bastard
Or maybe cause of the way my hair grow naturally
Still tryna figure out why the fuck I'm full of rage
I think I know this is bullshit right around the fifth grade
Paraphernalia in my locker right next to the switch blade
Nothing but pussy on my mind and some plans of getting paid 
But I'm a product of the system raised on government aid
And I knew just how to react when it was time for that raid 
Just a young black man from Compton wondering who could save us
And could barely read the sentences the justice system gave us
So many rental cars with bricks I think they probably funded Avis
Some of us was unbalanced but some us used our talents
Not all of us criminals but cops be yelling 
We need a little bit of payback
Don't treat me like an animal cause all this shit is flammable
Don't fuck around cause when it's done it's done
And the old folks tell me it's been going on since back in the day
But that don't make it okay
And the white folks tell me all the looting and the shooting's insane
But you don't know our pain
The police don't come around these parts
They tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fuckin' shit up come on
The police don't come around these parts
They tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fuckin' shit up come on
These old sneakers faded blue jeans
No tricks no gimmicks I be stomping down down down down down demons
Rolling up trees in the belly of the beast
Where the people disagree the upper class hate
Middle don't exist the bottom of the beat glad I got my sticks
Are you jumping on a fad laying in a ditch
I be stomping down demons stomping down quick come on
And the old folks tell me it's been going on since back in the day
But that don't make it okay
And the white folks tell me all the looting and the shooting's insane
But you don't know our pain
The police don't come around these parts
They tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fuckin' shit up come on
The police don't come around these parts
They tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we're fuckin' shit up come on
Yeah this is DJ motherfuckin' Premier
And I'm Dr. Dre 
What Premo!
Yeah we fuckin' shit up
No we don't play no games here
Mother fucker please!
Aftermath
One of the reasons that me and you click
We don't lose lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Eminem Candice Pillay & Anderson .Paak)
Doc doc you gotta give us some good news
(Yeah about that...)
Don't let me find out the bitch in you
Don't let me find out the snitch in you
Fame and fortune
It's not your forte
Fuck the world now
I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders
Go fuck yourself
Take two of these
In the morning
Overdose
And kill yourself
Doctor's orders
Listen this is my evaluation
This shit over saturated y'all can get evacuated
Kids sipping Actavis and they ain't even activated
Married to the internet stuck in place salivating
Ain't nobody graduating
Don't nobody love this shit the way I love it
That's why I gotta hate it
Everybody out for fame that ain't no exaggeration
Damn I'm getting aggravated fuck I'm getting agitated
Teachers so underpaid in these fucking schools
The police got our name in all they databases
Girls be thirteen acting twenty-two
Niggas be forty-four acting half they ages
Somebody tell me what the fuck is going on?
These niggas in tight shit I'm in the fucking Matrix
It's looking like a sign of the revelation
'Bout time of the return of the fuckin' greatest
I got all these patients man how come they ain't patient with me?
They just think I want the money why?
When I can't take it with me
Y'all don't do it for the love for the love not
They gon' find out who you are just admit 'fore you get admitted
Say what you living about
Fuck you gon' tell me
Do you remember how you started out though
You looking lost now
(You want a pass oh damn)
Fake it 'til you make it
Take your little paper book
When you look in the mirror your credibility's gone now
I'd rather be hated on for who I am
Than to be loved for who I'm not
That's word to doc
Fame and fortune
It's not your forte
Fuck the world now
I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders
Go fuck yourself
Take two of these
In the morning
Overdose
And kill yourself
In the beginning a few of the people who had a problem
I was this good scoffed I just shook off
Probably reminded you of the first time you saw Tiger Woods golf
Never thought about how much my race and nationality meant
But based on how I ascended see how plain it was now they want me to jet
No one really gave a fuck about my descent 'till I took off
Mistook me because I look soft
But I stood tall I just follow the 
So I rose and grew balls told these hoes to screw off
Decided opposing you is what I'm 'posed to do alls
I did was say what I'm feeling when the vocal booth calls
And had you on pins and needles when I spoke to you all
You felt my pain it's almost like I poked voodoo dolls
And I hope my spirit haunts the studios when I'm gone
My picture jumps off a poster and just floats through the halls
And fucking goes through the walls like the ghost of Lou Rawls
Karma's headed for Armageddon the drama setter
I'm going in already got an arm and head
And whoever said words are just words
Can't hurt me more than I give a fuck
Even if my image ends up taking a personal hit
Whoever I hurt or whatever bridges I burned
In this bitch and whatever bitches feel like
They didn't deserve what they get
And whatever consequences come with every verse it's worth it
So Doc turn the beat on whose turn is it to get murdered on it?
And here's to all the years I spent toeing a line to overtime
As sure as a mole is blind in my mind
I'm still underground as a groundhog and I'm a go for mine
Like a whole furrow just tryna dig up some gold and diamonds and coal to find
I'm starting to slow and these lines full of nines
I just load up the most rhymes and open fire with a closed mind
All I needed was someone to co-sign been a 
Assault rifle with the sniper scope for this whole time
Day one set with the blasters give me the orders I spray uh
Pain in the ass and get shot in the ass with a paint gun
Ain't no one safe from non-believers there ain't none
I even make the bitches I rape cum
I'm waiting on someone to say something
Dre make the bass bump and let the tape run for old time's sake
I spit it straight through this is take one
The moment you're waiting for has come but...
Fame and fortune
It's not your forte
Fuck the world now
I'm done with foreplay
Doctor's orders
Go fuck yourself
Take two of these in
The morning overdose lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
I just need y'all to try to bear with me for a minute
While I talk about the pages of my diary
Listen up
I remember when I got started my intention was to win
But a lot of shit changed since then
Some more friends became enemies in the quest of victory
But I made a vow never let this shit get to me
I let it pass so I consider that part of my history
And I'm strong; financially physically
Mentally I'm on a whole 'nother level
And don't forget that I came from the ghetto
Sold a new house for my moms that's special
I let you going shopping till your feet get tired
Then a new Benz just for you to ride in
When I didn't have it you provided
Don't be surprised that I built an enterprise
And my house got a view of the city like a highrise
I'm just talking to my diary I'm just talking to my diary
When I open up my book I think about the world later
No ink in the pen no lines on the paper
I'm just I'm just I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just I'm just I'm just talking to my diary
Sometimes when I got a lot of shit on my mind
I'm just staring at the sky you probably thinkin' I'm high
I'm just I'm just I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just I'm just I'm just talking to my diary
Now puff-puff-pass got a nigga having flashbacks
I remember how it used to be
Now my money like NASDAQ my checks you can cash that
I remember how it used to be
I used to be a starving artist so I would never starve an artist
This is my passion it's where my heart is
It gets the hardest when I think about the dearly departed
Like the nigga I started with
I know Eazy can see me now looking down through the clouds
And regardless I know my nigga still proud
It's been a while since we spoke but you still my folks
We used to sit back laugh and joke
Now I remember when we used to do all-nighters
You in the booth and Cube in the corner writing
Where Ren at? Shout out to my nigga Yella
Damn I miss that
Shit a nigga having flashbacks
When I open up my book I think about the world later
No ink in the pen no lines on the paper
I'm just I'm just I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just I'm just I'm just talking to my diary
Sometimes when I got a lot of shit on my mind
I'm just staring at the sky you probably thinkin' I'm high
I'm just I'm just I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just I'm just lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Yeah and you don't stop 
Yeah and you don't stop  
Niggers that I used to know and sell dope wit'
Listen to how a motherfucker flow shit
And let me know what's up and they can blast on
Thinkin' about the homeys that passed on.
Death Row come to show you all the game at
And show you how my label got the name that
So many wanna see me and time is money
But never in the P-E-N yo.
Welcome back to Viet Nam California.
Ain't a damn thing changed so let me warn you.
Every motherfuckin minute you on the West Side
The best side 20 niggers that just died.
Walkin' down the streets of L.A.
Stay strapped cause niggas bust caps every day yo
The 1-8-7 don't stop on undercover cops
So on this spot gettin' popped shot
Droppin' like this and like that
Rat-tat-tat-tat with their caps peelin' back.
So creep when you in the C-P-T.
You catch heat from fuckin' with' the D-R-E.
I got my eyes on the shit unfolding.
And there ain't gonna be no trippin'
Cause they know the type of shit that I be holding.
If there's another word said
I'll let my forty-fo' go buck to the head nigga. 
Yeah and you don't stop 
Yeah and you don't stop  
3 and to the 2 and 2 and to the 1
Head away sent away get away Snoop's got a gun
And he's lookin' for the cops who set him up in '86
Now it's time to put they ass in the mix.
Back on the streets with my khakis and my scars
Nuts full of cavi and I'm headed for the bar.
Scared as a motherfucker cause I'm fresh out
But I got to make my green and plus they all fiend
Follow me they keep yellin' murder but it won't stop
Until the last nigga that you know drop.
Another nigga out but I doubt that you really give a fuck what it's about.
Now 99 pigs on a block with me
Not a motherfuckin' cop wanna knock with me
A C-O-N-V-I-C-T the motherfuckin' D-O-G comin' from the L-B-C.
Look at what the doc brought in
A chrome 38 a Fo'ty-fo' mag and mack 10
So what you wanna do? 
I got the gauge a uzi and the mothafuckin 22
so if you wanna blast nigga we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em!" 
Yeah and you don't stop 
Yeah and you don't stop  
Splat to a motherfucker face he fall.
Strong motherfucker cause he starts to crawl.
I guess I gots to load the glock again.
Hit 'im with the hollow points and watch him spin.
Fuck it I had to do this quick.
Grabbed the glock 17 the clip went click.
Tried to detect but did not detect perfect
So I creep on that ass pops him and drops him.
That ought to stop from beatin' up blacks
Dead in his tracks from a full six pack.
Relax cause I'm about to take my respect.
I aimed the twelve gauge straight for his neck.
Boo-yaa! Boo-yaa! then I fade into the wind.
1-8-7 and it's on again.
Well it's on and it's on and it's on and it's on
Fo'-fo' Desert Eagle to your motherfuckin' dome
And it's on and it's on and it's on and it's on
Fo'-fo' Desert Eagle to your motherfuckin' dome.
Fuck 'em buck 'em if they really wanna trip
Niggas keep your hands on your motherfuckin' shit. 
Yeah and you don't stop 
Yeah lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Tonight we're gonna get badder 
You're gonna get wetter 
We gon' take our time
Not tomorrow no tonight we'll love
(Fuckin' like we in love we be fuckin' like we in love)
Yeah she got that shit that make you kill a nigga
Crack that last bottle I'll kill it wit' you
Pour my feelings out and spill it wit' you
That's a no-no but what he don't know
Never hurt him so just desert him
I find it hard to believe that he ain't pullin' your weave
No I'm kiddin' I'm knowin' my dick is different
He kept his distance I kept comin' over and stayed persistent
You bitin' your lips toes twitchin' and she crinchin'
Steamin' up the bathroom 'til we left it a sauna
I beat it up and now you usin' my tee as pajamas
Your friends tried to warn you about me even your mama
But you said you'd deal with the consequence even if it was karma
But how can I complain when you give me insane brain?
Like you graduated wit' honors your probably hate that I'm honest
But fuck it I'm goin' all out
You should too good things don't last forever I thought you knew
Tonight we're gonna get badder 
You're gonna get wetter 
We gon' take our time
Not tomorrow no tonight we'll love
(Fuckin' like we in love we be fuckin' like we in love)
Now don't you no worry 'bout that
Whatever you want I'm on that
So don't hesitate girl when you lonely
Baby don't worry we know that I got you
Now here we go again from the bed to the floor again
I hear your phone on vibrate and I know it's him
But that's what happens when that kitty's in the lion's den
You start lyin' and changin' places
You might've been I might've been too aggressive
But it was far from desperate
I mean the swagger I got just know it's half the effort
They tryin' to toot my horn
But shit I sworn that I swarmed up in it stamped and fingerprint it
Left the coupe tinted when you played the passenger
Don't be passin' up 'til we finish
What we started you wit' it? I'm wit' it
Then lay your seat way back like it was vintage
While I hit the highway and slowly puff on this spinach
Camouflage emotions got your feelings wide open
I'm hopin' you come to grips at least before you provoke 'em to trip
But that's inevitable and if I put you on a pedestal
That means I'm fuckin' you on the chair
Know that I got you 'bout they thinkin' out you
I want to stop and I don't want you to stop that
Ow we in a phase oh I can't wait
Cause waters don't label you oh no no
I'm from came from the bottom so just get on top of that
How 'bout wit' the top back wit' your top back?
Take that uh ooh ooh break that off more lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Check it out
Here's a penny for your thoughts 
A nicklebag of bliss
An M-16 with eighteen clips
I'm all set to bust treacherous
Illustrious homie don't question us 
Just ask yourself the question
How many hoes can I fuck in one night?
Just ask yourself the question nigga
How many niggaz can I blast on sight? 
I'm ferocious and you knows this nigga
Bitches wear skirts shake ass and bump
I pop pistols that's all I do
I pop one at him and pop two at you
I'm illusive I'ma glock it
Pistol popping activist with the key to the bucket
I rip your pockets of the side of your pants
You glare to the side and you glance I'm in my G-Boy stance
How the fuck you make it this far?
No matter where you at or who you are
People treat me like Kareem Abdul Jabbar
I hear ooh's and aah's when I jumps in my car
Just from last night you can tell
that I'm addicted to the fast life
Shouts out to my homeboys Mad and Quell
You go on and fuck Misty while I fuck Michelle 
Just ask yourself the question
How many hoes can I fuck in one night?
Just ask yourself the question
How many niggaz can I blast on sight?
Just ask yourself the question
 or is it cool to fuck?
Just ask yourself the question
I don't know why these motherfuckers wanna fuck with us 
What you wanna do penetrate me?
Bump my crib? Bust and fuck my bitch nigga?
I never thought a nigga would trip
off a little piece of ass that he know he could get
Any day  and any time 
You'se a vegetarian  I like beef turkey and pork
Fish and chips chips and dip
Fuck it hand me my knife and my fork
I'm not too picky nigga Kurupt young Gotti
A.K.A. Low Ricky nigga 
Substantialar tyrannosaurus gigantic titanic tarantula.
On a creep homie wake up
Don't sleep homie supposed to know it
Look I'm hazardous to health nigga bitch nigga
Don't ask me shit 'till you ask yourself 
Just ask yourself the question
How many hoes can I fuck in one night?
Just ask yourself the question
How many niggaz can I blast on sight?
Just ask yourself the question
 or is it cool to fuck?
Just ask yourself the question
I don't know why these motherfuckers wanna fuck with us 
What the fuck is up? Man life's a bitch
You gotta put your pistol to the sky
kill a million motherfuckers and get high in order to be cool
Man you'se a motherfucking fool 
I thought the same way back in the days
Young with a lack on daily things
Never thought too much homie never trip
I got drunk as fuck the homies blaze sticks
Look out for them niggaz out to catch us
So I'ma stay forgetting to tank your pistol with you 
Niggaz get swallowed in the game
I cock and bust hollows to peer duck and frame
Yo nigga that shit sounds like I did it
Don't blaze the ??? without the top bullet
Niggaz look like they're doped up like tired bitches
With the eyes wide gone you spit the hard boom
Wiping shit the fuck out like typhoons
With the little homeboys T-bone and cartoons
Motherfucker don't ask me for shit
Fuck everything you believe in little bitch 
Just ask yourself the question
How many hoes can I fuck in one night?
Just ask yourself the question
How many niggaz can I blast on sight?
Just ask yourself the question
 or is it cool to fuck?
Just ask yourself the question
I don't know why these motherfuckers wanna fuck with us 
What lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Justus Victoria MonetT.I. & Sly Piper)
They've been wondering if I'm gonna show
Shit you already know-ow-ow-ow
Where you been? where you at? where you headed?
This shit started to disappear oh no no
I'm right here yeah take this shit right back to the basics
Sound like I'm right back in the basement
Tryna to put my neighborhood on
Six in the morning six in the morning
Until six in the morning best believe I'm on it
Man I'm working so hard
When the check hit the bank shit I ain't even notice
I live in the future I'm blind to the moment
I I you ain't gotta stay
Oh you ain't gotta stay around we own it
I remember when I was young just a front runner
I was fucking with them drums like every summer
Homie couldn't make it out the hood make a nigga wonder
But I couldn't let Compton take a nigga under
No way no how can't stop
Had bigger dreams for this hip-hop
I'm happy it was music and not Ziplocs
And now we bringing crowds like it's woodstock
I might as well wipe down the crown I done put up in the attic
I don't play around lotta niggas coming through the door
Not too many stay around
Lot of artists made it yeah
God damn man I made a sound
Oh you ain't never seen a legend do it?
Hold up homie wait around
I've been on the verge since a nigga put it down
If we talking numbers fuck Billboard charts
Putting for start with the bank accounts
I've been away
But I think I'm doing better
Anything you do can't impress us
I won't let up on it
What are you gonna say
And I think because they hate us
And the fact that they can't break us
I will never let up
I'm going yeah I'm going
Best believe I'm going
I'm going back
It's time to get back to business
This shit realer than rap
Somewhere trapped where you can find me at
Got thirteen in my strap
And I kick it do it with me whatever town we at
I'm killing these niggas was never feeling these niggas
Went from a million to ten figures I grow
Getting back to the business in the back of a Bentley
I'm thinking damn how far can I go
Well if my nigga Dre can get a bill
It let me know that there's hope for a nigga still
And many more showing love for my art form
When the ATL the trap shit was on board
Give a raw nigga money when they let me in
If it wasn't for me they would have let me sit
Explanation for all the demolition we did
I'm grinding handling my business nigga
How many miles in the air
One million I'm stacking up this paper
Up up and away-er
One way ticket to the ozone layer
Don't you wanna roll where there ain't no head room
Take it to another atmosphere
Smoke this smoke this
Roll it up roll it up get a lighter
Smoke this
Roll it up roll it up get a lighter
Another atmosphere
I can change your atmosphere
Get a girl for my Johnson
Roll it up smoke this
Break it down roll it up get a lighter
Smoke this roll it up lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Put your cups up get your smoke in
Baby we partyin ain't nobody loc'n
Who you provokin what you want now?
Take a look around it's pimp shit goin down
It's a lot of bitches a whole lot of freaks
Top notch hoes they flock in every week
What you wan' do get your next thrill
Take an X pill how the sex feel?
Damn you lookin good all ten of y'all
Wwanna roll  I'm dickin y'all
Keep your face down  keep your ass up 
You know what your doin  keep that shit movin 
Keep them titties jumpin keep the Henny comin
Every bitch in here need to be touchin somethin
I know they like it hot that's why I keep it hot
So how the fuck could they not want a piece of Doc?
I don't give a fuck 'cause I'm just drinkin smokin straight west-coastin
Bitches puttin ass in motion pussy poppin sex promotin
Got a car? 
Got a blunt? 
That's your bitch? 
Really I don't...
All I really know your hoe wants to be with me and she ain't playin
And what I'm sayin 
And screams between the sheets
Soon as the door close
I make 'em curl toes they all wanna get chose
We never love y'all my niggas all macks
We sip a lot of Yak fuck and never call back
Pack women in the club until it's pitch black
Thugs on their block wonderin where their bitch at
Where you think nigga? She with the Aftermath
Called her house she ain't home she with Aftermath
No talkin fuck how your day go
You want dick  will bitch say so
Don't be shy now probably the best at it
They say a party ain't a party until the west at it
Gravitate to the Doc like it's automatic
Take your clothes off make me wanna grab it
Turn around with it make me wanna stab it 
Time to get it crackin show me them bad habits 
When she's all alone she sneaks out to be with me
And what I'm sayin is she ain't playin 
And sleeps between the sheets
Yeah Aftermath Doc Dre 5-star surgeon general 
Nocturnal L.A. Confidential 
What up Infinite Mohagony droppin the instrumental 
Do the math lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
California love! 
-California...knows how to party
California...knows how to party
In the citaaay of L.A.
In the citaaay of good ol' Watts
In the citaaay the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin! 
Now let me welcome everybody to the wild wild west 
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest 
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state with a bomb ass hemp beat 
the state where ya never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens 
lean mean money-makin-machines servin fiends
I been in the game for ten years makin rap tunes 
ever since honeys was wearin sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me 
Diamonds shinin lookin like I robbed Liberace
It's all good from Diego to tha Bay 
Your city is tha bomb if your city makin pay
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way 
Dre puttin it down for 
Californ-i-a
-Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it shake it shake it... 
Out on bail fresh outta jail California dreamin
Soon as I stepped on the scene I'm hearin hoochies screamin
Fiendin for money and alcohol
the life of a west side playa where cowards die
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearin Chucks not Ballies 
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossin but have caution we collide with other crews
Famous cause we program worldwide 
Let'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrands
Bumpin and grindin like a slow jam it's west side 
So you know the row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say 
But give me that bomb beat from Dre 
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sacktown 
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Give me love!
 now make it shake... 
[Outro: Dre 2Pac]
uh yeah uh longbeach in tha house uh yeah
Oaktown Oakland definately in tha house hahaha
Frisko Frisko
 hey you know LA is up in this 
Pasadina where you at
yeah Ingelwood Ingelwood always up to no good
 even Hollywood tryin to get a piece baby
Sacramento sacramento where ya at? yeah 
Throw it up y'all throw it up Throw it up
Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side
Cause you and I know it's tha best side 
yeah That's riight
west coast west coast
uh lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Tonight's the night I get in some shit 
Deep cover on the incognito tip.
Killin' motherfuckers if I have to 
Peelin' caps too cause you niggas know I'm comin' at you.
I guess thats part of the game
But I feel for the nigger who thinks he just gonna come and chance things
With the swiftness so get it right with the quickness
And let me handle my business yo.
I'm on a mission and my mission won't stop
Until I get the nigger maxin at the top.
I hope you get his ass before he drops.
Kingpin kickin back while his workers sling his rocks.
Coming up like a fat rat.
Big money big cars big body guards on his back.
So it's difficult to get him.
But I got the hook up with somebody who knows how to get in contact with 
him.
Hit him like this and like that 
Let 'em know that I'll make it for a big fat dope sack
What is this pen? so let's rush it.
If you want to handle it tonight we'll discuss it 
On the nigga's time in the nigga's place
Take a strap just in case one of his boys recognise my face.
Cause he's a sheisty motherfucker
But I gives a fuck cause I'm going deep cover. 
Yeah and you don't stop 
Yeah and you don't stop 
Creep with me as I crawl through the hood
Maniac lunatic call 'em Snoop Eastwood
Kickin dust as I bust fuck peace
And the mothafuckin drug police
You already know I gives a fuck about a cop
So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop
Plot yeah that's what we's about to do
Take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue
Dre (whatup Snoop) yo I got the feelin
Tonight's the night like Betty Wright and I'm chillin
Killin feelin no remorse yeah
So lets go straight to the motherfuckin' source
And see what we can find
Crooked ass cops that be gettin niggaz a gang of times
And now they wanna make a deal with me
Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
And make my pockets bigger
They want to meet with me tonight at 7:00 so whassup nigger?
What you wanna do? 
I got the gauge a uzi and the mothafuckin 22
so if you wanna blast nigga we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em!" 
Yeah and you don't stop 
Yeah and you don't stop  
Six fo' five was the time on the clock
When me and my homey bailed in the parking lot.
The scene looked strange and it felt like a set up
Better not be cause if it is they're getting lit up.
Oh here they come from the back and they laxed.
I'm checkin for the gats they strap so whats up black?
Chill lets hit a deal 
if it aint up to what you feel then grab your steel.
Right so what you motherfuckers gonna come at me with?
Hope you ain't wantin' none of my grip.
Cause you can save that shit. Guess what they told me?
'We give you 20 G's if you snitch on your homey
We'll put you in a home and make your life plush
Oh yeah but you got to sell dope for us."
Hmmm let me think about it
Turned my back and grabbed my gat and guess what I told him before I shot 
it:
'If you don't quit yeah if you don't stop yeah I'm lettin' my gat pop'
Cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop
Yeah and you don't stop 
Yeah lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
I sit into the wee hours all night
And we don't stop until the sunlight
We just keep going 'cause the die hard won't go down without a fight
I sit into the wee hours all night
And we don't stop until the sunlight
We just keep going 'cause the die hard won't go down without a fight
My life is like a highlight reel
Some might consider this my twilight but depending how I might feel
I might continue on with my career for 5 light years
Critics can fly kites here?
Welcome to my nightmare
Pressures on blood pressure racing
I calculate my next step pacin'
Don't know if I'll meet expectations
All I know is the World better get set
Dre's in effect
Been in it since you had cassette decks taping
I'm sick
I sit into the wee hours all night
And we don't stop until the sunlight
We just keep going 'cause the die hard won't go down without a fight
I sit into the wee hours all night
And we don't stop until the sunlight
We just keep going 'cause the die hard won't go down without a fight
It's on blood pressure racing
I calculate my next step which is to accept my expectations
They're soaring too high to meet my reputations in jep'
Yep face it the fans they've been upset yet patient lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
 I got juice but I can't stop no ocean liner baby!
 I'm down with you baby I'm there
 Man don't miss this it's gonna be FABULOUS
...
 We ghetto fabulous baby
The best food drink and women that money can buy 
Every day of my life is off the ringer
That's guaranteed like a fistfight on Jerry Springer
I got the hottest flow to hit the street since lava
so holla we all hustle for dollar dollars
From Sac to Houston New Orleans to D.C.
*girls laughing* to beep beep
Bangin catch me with a dimepiece next to me
My Body all over Your Body like LSG
Neighborhood celeb with the keys to my city like the mayor
Rookies askin us how to be a playa
Get in where you fit in and never get your ghetto pass revoked
No matter how much money you make
Stay true to the game loc guest list terror clothes
in jeans and tennis shoes breakin your strict dress codes
Spit lyrical bricks thirteen deep
so I can be richer than Master P sellin Ghetto D 
Ghetto fabulous
Money make the world go round so let's handle this
Ghetto fabulous
Broadcastin live from Los Angeles
We ghetto fabulous
Money make the world go round so let's handle this
Ghetto fabulous
Broadcastin live from Los Angeles 
You ain't heard of me you ain't listenin hard enough
Started in Compton servin from a ice cream truck
Now ten years later whippin a custom Navigator
Steppin on your toes playa stuffin up your alligators
I'm ghetto like Newport cigarettes feel me
Boom bap and slap that ass silly
This is for the full time students slash part time strippers
And young niggaz clockin at least five figures
Some of us pro atheletes some of us rap over fat beats
Some of us hustle in the streets
Twenty deep in Club Nikki's so you know we gots to mingle
 off a pocket full of singles huh
And it's all bueno musical mafia like Frank Sinatra
Pop a thirteen shot glock to make you Go See the Doctor
Ain't nuttin nice
From hood to hood love livin the lavish life 
Nigga Stu-B-Doo in the GS three ooh ooh
Playin number two Tekken zero to sixty
in six point seven seconds  hangin out the window
actin up chickenheads like 
Flexin the Rolex oyster perpetual thirty-five diamonds
across the face still eatin out foam cups and paper plates
We don't call it playa hatin in the nine-eight it's P.I.
That's pass intereference automatic first down
Want Juice like Tupac then Obey Your Thirst clown
Be in the PJ's in NY rockin DK
Mix EJ with OJ OK we say
"L.A. niggaz got crazy came
like John Elway got a superbowl ring"
The homies down for whatever we stack the chedda
Swiss bank accounts lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Now will there ever be a day that my niggas won't ride for me? For me?
Nah nah nah
And will there ever be a day that your bitch won't slide with me? Homie?
Nah nah nah
And will it ever be a day that your hands ain't up when a nigga on stage
I been rollin' up haze in the studio for days just to work for a wage
Now I'm on fuckin' paid in this mothafucka
Who got a hit just like this? And got heart and rich like this?
Never failed 20 years and he still got grip like this
And got kids with a super hot bitch like this
You spendin' time tryna get like this
I wrote a script like this I'm on some shit like...
I'm at home on the track nigga this my shit
Try to spit my clip you might get hit and divided
Uh kill shit I'ma talk about it
Laid out with the chalk around him
Came back as kings came back with rings
What if we fall? I never thought about it nigga
Gunfire gunfire nah nah nah
Run at yah run at yah nah nah nah
We come for yah come for yah nah nah nah
Set fire to my enemies
Fuck a rasclaat those our enemies
Mi got a few chains worth a hundred keys
Them say they waan ride mi say "Pussy please"
Pussy boy never worried me
My clips up on the streets
Nuh call the police pon me
A hundred keys in these streets
Pussy boy now I walk with weed
Uh kill shit I'ma talk about it
Laid out with the chalk around him
Came back as kings came back with rings
What if we fall? I never thought about it nigga
How you spell C.E.O.?
D.R.E. what a nigga dream he could try to be
Uh even though I'm from a place where
Niggas got TECs don't mean technology
Grew up 'round Blood niggas real camaraderie
Plus Crip niggas on the other side of me
But I'm the only nigga that I ever tried to be
Winner never sins you know these niggas tired of me
Not to it if you want crap shootin' in your home
Where a nigga came from my life changed
'Cause a nigga made hits while my homies flipped bricks
Lot of them ain't here can't complain
Tried to survive 9 to the 5
You ain't alive if you ain't not willin' to die
The lower the low the higher the high
Do or you don't you fall or you fly
I mean you ride or die nigga
Uh kill shit I'ma talk about it
Laid out with the chalk around him
Came back as kings came back with rings
What if we fall? I never thought about it nigga
Gunfire gunfire nah nah nah
Run at yah run at yah nah nah nah
We come for yah come for yah nah nah nah
Set fire to my enemies
Fuck a rasclaat those our enemies
Mi got a few chains worth a hundred keys
Them say they waan ride mi say "Pussy please"
Pussy boy never worried me
My clips up on the streets
Nuh call the police pon me
A hundred keys in these streets
Pussy boy lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Eminem Skylar Grey)
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor call me a doctor
I need a doctor doctor to bring me back to life
I told the world one day I would pay it back
Say it on tape and lay it record it so that one day I could play it back
But I donít even know if I believe it when Iím sayin' that
Doubts startin' to creep in every day it's just so grey and black
Hope I just need a ray of that 'cause no one sees my vision
When I play it for ëem they just say it's wack but they donít know what dope is
And I donít know if I was awake or asleep when I wrote this
All I know is you came to me when I was at my lowest
You picked me up breathed new life in me I owe my life to you
But for the life of me I don't see why you don't see like I do
But it just dawned on me you lost a son demons fighting you itís dark
Let me turn on the lights and brighten me and enlighten you
I don't think you realize what you mean to me not the slightest clue
'Cause me and you were like a crew I was like your sidekick
You gon' either wanna fight when I get off this fuckin' mic
Or you gon' hug me but I'm outta options there's nothin' else I can do 'cause
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor call me a doctor
I need a doctor doctor to bring me back to life
It hurts when I see you struggle you come to me with ideas
You say they're just pieces so Iím puzzled 'Cause the shit I hear is crazy
But you're either gettin' lazy or you donít believe in you no more
Seems like your own opinions not one you can form
Can't make a decision you keep questionin' yourself
Second guessin' and it's almost like your beggin' for my help
Like Iím your leader you're supposed to fuckin' be my mentor
I can endure no more I demand you remember who you are
It was YOU who believed in me when everyone was tellin'
You don't sign me everyone at the fuckin' label let's tell the truth
You risked your career for me I know it as well as you
Nobody wanted to fuck with the white boy Dre Iím cryin' in this booth
You saved my life now maybe it's my turn to save yours
But I can never repay you what you did for me is way more
But I ain't givin' up faith and you ain't givin' up on me
Get up Dre I'm dyin' I need you come back for fuckís sake 'cause
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor call me a doctor
I need a doctor doctor to bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
(I need a doctor doctor to bring me back to life)
It literally feels like a lifetime ago
But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday though
You walked in yellow jump suit whole room cracked jokes
Once you got inside the booth told you mic smoke
Went through friends some of them I put on but they just left
They said they was ridin' to the death but where the fuck are they now?
Now that I need them I don't see none of them
All I see is Slim fuck all you fair-weather friends all I need is him
Fuckin' backstabbers when the chips were down you just laughed at us
Now you bout to feel the fuckin' wrath of Aftermath faggots
You gon' see us in our lab jackets and ask us where the fuck we been?
You can kiss my indecisive ass crack maggots
And the crackers' ass little cracker jack beat
Makin' wack math backwards producers I'm back bastards
One more CD and then Iím packin' up my bags and as Iím leavin'
Iíll guarantee they scream "Dre donít leave us like that man!" 'cause
I'm about to lose my mind
Youíve been gone for so long Iím runnin' outta time
I need a doctor call me a doctor
I need a doctor lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Yeah whattup this is Dr. Dre
The party's goin on
Thank God it's Friday 
 - KRS One"  
Keep their headz ringin  
(Hey you sittin over there) Say what?
 That's right
 Yeahhh...
(No time to funk around cause we gon....)
Funk you right on up
So get up get a move on and get your groove on
It's the D-R-E the spectacular
In a party I go for your neck so call me Blackula
As I drain a niggaz jugular vein
and maintain to leave blood stains so don't complain
Just chill listen to the beats I spill
Keepin it real enables me to make another meal
Still niggaz run up and try to kill at will
But get popped like a pimple so call me Clearasil
I wipe niggaz off the face of the Earth since birth
I been a bad nigga now let me tell you what I'm worth
More than a Stealth bomber I cause drama
The enforcer music flows like a flying saucer
Or a 747 jet never forget
I'm that nigga that keeps the hoes panties wet
The mic gets smoked once you hear the beat kick
With grooves so funky they come with a Speed Stick
So check the flavor that I'm bringin
The motherfuckin D-R-E will keep their motherfuckin headz ringin 
One-two for the crew three-fo' for the dough
Five for the hoe six-seven-eight for Death Row
Mad niggaz about to feel the full effect of intellect
So I can collect respect plus a check
Now I fin' to get into to my mental
will take care of this business I need to attend to cuz my rent's due
And this rap shit's my meal ticket
So you god damn right I'm gonna kick it or get evicted
I bring terror like Stephen King
A black Casanova runnin niggaz over like Christine
When I rock the spot with the flavor I got
I kick plenty of ass so call me an astronaut
As I blast past another nigga's ass that thought he was strong
But I smoke him like grass just like Cheech and Chong
When I flow niggaz know it's time to take a hike
Cause I grab the mic and flip my tongue like a dyke
I got rhymes to keep you enchanted
Produce a smokesscreen with the funky green to keep your eyes slanted
So check the flavor that I'm bringin
The motherfuckin D-R-E will keep their motherfuckin headz ringin 
Debonairre with flair I scare wear and tear
without a care runnin shit as if I was a mayor
But I ain't no politician no competition
Sendin all opposition to see a mortician
I'm up front never in the back drop
Step on stage and get faded just like a flat top
Your rhyme sounds like you bought em at Stop N Go
Dre came to wax you so just call me Mop N Glow
Many tried to but just can't rock with
I'm 6-1 225 a pure chocolate
Your chances of jackin me are slim G
Cause I rock from summer til Santa comes down the chimney
Ho ho ho and so as I continue to flow
Cause yo I'm just a fly negro
So check the flavor that I'm bringin
The motherfuckin D-R-E lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Akon Snoop Dogg)
Roll up wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Now what's that puff puff pass shit
That Cheech and Chong grass shit
Blunts to the head kush pillows no mattress
Speed boat traffic bitches automatic
Cross that line fuck around and get yo ass kicked
We roll shit that burn slow as fucking malasis
Probably won't pass it smoke it till the last hit
Down to the ashes Mary J. a bad bitch
Andre 3001 another classic
Go ahead ask him bitches bout 
Party all night yea its goin' down
Order rounds we smokin' quarter pounds of that good stuff
Oh yeah we smokin' all night
Yea puff puff pass that shit right here
Nigga better than my last batch caramel complexion and her ass black
Inhale exhale inhale exhale
I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Take a whiff of this suicide
Holla at me cause I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
For the ganja we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy holla at my niggi right here in LA
Inhale exhale inhale exhale
Hold up wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Hold up wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Still I am
Tighter than the pants on Will.I.Am
Back throw back still a half pound in my backpack
Next to where the swishas at smokin' presidential
Got some bubba I give me that
Need it for my cataracts
Four hoes and I'm the pimp in my Cadillac
You can tell them Cali back
Matter fact they all know this ain't Dro
Get a whiff of that
No it ain't no seeds in my sack
You ain't never gotta ask dawg
What he smokin' on?
Shit kush till my mind gone
What you think I'm on
Eyes low I'm blown
High as a motherfucker ain't no question bout it
Niggas say smoke me out yea I really doubt it
I'm Bob Marley reincarnated so faded
So If you want it
You know yo nigga homie
You can put it in a zag or a blunt and get blunted
Inhale exhale inhale exhale
I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Take a whiff of this suicide
Holla at me cause I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
For the ganja we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy holla at my niggi right here in LA
Inhale exhale inhale exhale
Ain't that kush we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow no joke
Make yo ass choke
Hold up wait a minute
You can go put it back
Cause what you got in yo sack boy it ain't that
Ain't that Kush we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow no joke
Make yo ass choke
(Inhale exhale inhale lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Game Snoop Dogg Akon)
Roll up wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Now this that puff puff pass shit
That Cheech and Chong glass shit
Blunts to the head kush spillin' no mattress
Speed boat traffic bitches automatic
Cross that line fuck around and get yo ass kicked
We roll shit that burn slow as fucking malasis
Probably won't pass it smoke it till the last hit
Down to the ashes Mary J. a bad bitch
Andre 3001 another classic
Go ahead ask him bitches bout 
Party all night yea its goin' down
Order rounds we smokin' quarter pounds of that good stuff
O yea we smokin' all night
Yea puff puff pass that shit right here
Nigga better than my last batch caramel complexion and her ass black
Inhale exhale inhale exhale
I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Make her work for this suicide
Holla at me cuz I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
Quarter ganja we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy holla at my niggi right here in LA
Inhale exhale inhale exhale
Hold up wait a minute
Let me put some beats up in it
Hold up wait a minute
Let me put some beats up in it
Still I am
Tighter than the pants on Will.I.Am
Backthrow back still I have a pound in my backpack
Next to where the swishas at smokin' presidential
Got some bubba I give me that
Need it for my cataracts
Four hoes and I'm the pimp in my Cadillac
You can tell them Cali back
Matter fact they a know this aint Dro
Get a whiff of that
No it aint no seeds in my sack
You aint never gottta ask dawg
What he smokin' on?
Shit kush till my mind gone
What you think I'm on
Eyes low I'm blown
High as a muthafucka aint no question bout it
Niggas say smoke me out yea I really doubt it
I'm Bob Marley reincarnated so faded
So If you want it
You know yo nigga homie
You can put it in a zag or a blunt and get blunted
Inhale exhale inhale exhale
I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Make her work for this suicide
Holla at me cuz I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
Quarter ganja we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy holla at my niggi right here in LA
Inhale exhale inhale exhale
We get that kush we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow no choke
Make yo ass choke
Hold up wait a minute
You can go put it back
Cuz what you got in yo sack boy it aint that
Aint that Kush we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow no choke
Make yo ass choke
(Inhale exhale inhale exhale)
Niggas put my face on the milk carton take the shit off
Cause I've been home with the kids instead of breaking shit off
I'm asthmatic aftermath-matic Dre want me in the booth
The room better be padded cause I'm Loko
Psychotic six hundred wide body
Lost a couple mill last year but why cry about it
Westside got a nigga back so I throw my dubs up
Never leave without my strap it's like that
Got palm tree's we comin' through on three's
The A-F-T-E-R-M-A-T-H nigga we got a army
Aftermath general one love to fifty
Aint seen him in a minute yo used to be my nigga yo
Money changed niggas but we the same niggas
Add fuel to the fire that makes the flame bigger
But sometimes ego's clash with dessert eagles
And I stayed loyal to the city where the weed grow 
(Inhale exhale inhale lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Snoop Doggy Dogg Dat Nigga Daz Jewell)
Uh no ride with me ooh babe
Uh no ride with me oh yeah
So many people wanna ride with me
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row 
[Verse One: Dr. Dre Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Creepin down the back street on Deez
I got my Glock cocked cuz niggas want these
Now soon as I said it
seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a Tek 9
tryin ta take mine
ya wanna make noise make noise
I make a phone call my niggas comin like the Gotti boys
bodies bein found on Greenleaf
with their fuckin heads cut off
Motherfucker I'm Dre
so listen to the play-by-play
day-by-day
rollin in my '4 with sixteen switches
And got sounds for the bitches
clockin all the riches
Got the hollow points for the snitches
So would you just walk on by
Cuz I'm too hard to lift
and no this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfuckin D-R-E
from the CPT
on a rhymin spree
a straight G
Hop back as I pop my top ya trip
I let the hollow points commence to
POP POP POP
yeah
cuz if it don't stop
I have to put my shit in reverse
go back and take another stop
cuz I'm 
Rollin down the motherfuckin backstreets
wit my drink and my cup and my strap in my lap see
Ain't nothin but the G Funk bumpin in my ????
Hell yeah 
 With all the niggas sayin 
So many people wanna ride with me
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me 
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row!
So many people wanna ride with me
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me 
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row! 
[Verse Two: Dre Snoop]
Just another motherfuckin day for Dre
so I begin like this
No medallions dreadlocks or black fists
It's just that gangster glare
with gangsta raps
that gangsta shit
makes a gang of snaps
Uhh word to the motherfuckin streets
and word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats
that I hit ya with
that I get ya with
as I groove in my '4 on Deez
hittin the switches
bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on
bumpin like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on
but before I hit the dope spot
I gotta get the chronic the Remy Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smellin like indo-nesia
bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
Cuz my '4 on hit
pancake front and back side to side
and all that shit
so when I crawl I comes correct
now if your bitch in my shit it's your bitch you check nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
as I dip a nigga trip to the south side
yeah 
Right back up in you it's the D-R-E
Witta ounce as we bounce thru the CPT
Diamond in the back gators on the wheels
This is strictly for my bitches now we're hittin in switches
Niggas gettin jealous cuz hos be on our dick
But Dre don't give a fuck and I don't give a shit
So the '4 won't blow
stoppin by the spot to get some indo 
 With all the motherfuckin bitches sayin 
So many people wanna ride with me
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me 
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row!
So many people wanna ride with me 
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me 
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row! 
It's like Long Beach Compton LA and Wotts
I come thru beatin down your block wit a million-plus watts
I burn double peelout check it out it's me now
it's young Daz from the pad homie watch me skee'd out
I'm on a mission to mission with tha time for the streets
Me and my homeboys clownin we be bouncin to the beat
I come thru rattlin and shakin plus I break down walls
Me and my doggs ain't breakin no law
Put the ???? in the verse took a sip for the thirst
Swervin by the curb while blazin the 'erb nickel bird
She got my sounds the way I floss throughout the town
Me and my partners from the Row partners from the Pound
Big Style Joe Coomey and Snoop Nate and Kurupt
Tray Deee Technique BadAss and Doggystyle
Put it work day and night night and day but any day 
you come around the way you won't live the next day
Check it out! 
So many people wanna ride with me 
Bumpin thru the streets gettin high with me 
And if you're down to ride with me 
Cuz you're rollin with the Row!
So many people wanna ride with me 
And if you're down to ride with me
Cuz you're rollin with the Row!  
[Outro: Dre ]
I said swing down sweet chariot stop and  let me ride
Swing down  sweet chariot stop and let me ride
Swing down sweet chariot stop and let me ride
Swing down sweet chariot stop and let me ride
Yeah ha ha
Yeah  you wanna ride with me
Uh wit everybody sayin
 Uh 
KnowI'msayin? (Come on let me ride come on nigga let me ride)
Uh uh  ass
 Grass
 A gas
(doin what you're feelin let me ride) Nobody rides free
 Hell yeah
(Doin what you're feelin ya cold chillin)
(Doin what you want top billin)
 KnowhutI'msayin?  huh huh huh huh
 yeah lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
The Ghetto  
Wake up jumped out my bed
I'm in a two man cell with my homie Lil' 1/2 Dead
Murder was the case that they gave me
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
I'm only eighteen so I'm a young buck
It's a ride if I don't scrap I'm gettin' stuck
But that's the life of G I guess
Ese's way deep shanked two in the chest
Best run cause brothers is droppin' quicker
Ugn too late damn down goes another nigga
Bouncin' off the walls throwin' them dogs
Gettin' that rep as a young hog
It ain't nothin' like the street life
You better be strapped with your shank
Cause ain't no fist fight
So I guess I gots to handle mine
Since I did the crime I gots to do my time 
We run game in the ghetto
We gets high in the ghetto
We gets shot in the ghetto
You might get stuck in the ghetto
Lil' Ghetto Boy 
Now I'm holdin' the dub sittin' on swoll
Twenty-seven years old up for parole stroll
I'm back up on my feet with my mind on the money
That I be makin' soon as I touch them streets
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast right?
But it ain't no thang to me
Cause now I'm what they call a loced ass O.G.
The little homies from the hood with grip
Are the ones I get with cause I'm down to set trip
Nigga I'm bigger than you so whatcha wanna do?
Didn't know he had a twenty-two
Straight sittin' behind his back
I grabbed his pockets and then I heard six caps
I fell to the ground with blood on my hands
I didn't understand
How a nigga so young could bust a cap
I used to be the same way back
I guess that's what I get 
For tryin' to jack the little homies for they grip 
Somethin' for the real O.G.'s to get with
Some facts made our made
Now you runnin' but I'm played
Like every single day really doe
You know me I'm the smooth macadamian
Gamin'em for my homie
No need in be uncalm if you pack right
And learnin' just enough to keep your sack tight
Late nights I wonder what they get in for?
Early mornin' on the corners what they hittin' for?
Seven young G's put they serve down
In a G ride Eastside's where they swerve now
Not thinkin' about what's really goin' on
Got crept on stepped on now they gone
I spent four years in the county
With nothin' but convicts around me
But now I'm back at the Pound
And we expose ways for the youth to survive
Some think it's wrong but we tend to think it's right
So make all them ends you can make
Cause when you're broke you break check it out
So ain't no need for your mama to trip
Cause you's a hustlin' ass youngsta clockin' your grip 
Lil' Ghetto Boy 
That's the life of a G I guess
The ghetto 
That's the life of a G
That's the life of a G I guess
The ghetto 
That's the life of a G. The ghetto
That's the life of a G lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Take a little bit of Henessey and mix it with some syrup
Put ya hands up if you crazy enough to get fucked up in church
Doctor you got my prescription and it's keepin me alive
Doctor you got my prescription and it's keepin me alive
Thank you for bein patient I got ya application
I know you been waitin to see the-
Doctor!
Here it is here I am
Here it is here I am
Yes yo ? is right back up in the scene
Yes my dope is so methamphetamine
Yes it's coke I've laced inside every beat
Shit I'm tryna get ya high
You been sittin in the waitin room far too long
Too late for- ay ay you're far too gone
I know you can't take these awful songs
Like a punk full of bullshit
Nigga hell nah
They want some real shit
They want the real
Relax I got you
Good thing I had a couple hundred tums layin around
Nigga dispenseries servin by the pound
Back in business bigger than we ever was
It's aftermath nigga you know you heard of us
We're leavin narcotics on every note
We just struttin the streets like when the levis broke 
I got the antidote
I got ya hands goin up and down
You done fucked up now
But it's hard to go back to that bullshit
And whatever's on the bar Dr is gonna push it
You can be my patient
I'm operatin all night
You can be my patient
Man I'm tryna fuck
All night
You can be my patient
I'm operatin all night
You can be my patient
Man I'm tryna fuck
All night
I beat that boom boom
Down like your knees are
Legs spread out like I'm mixin a ?
Sex contest?
There ain't no competitor
Looks like it's too late to get ya girl
Now lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Red bottoms on a red head
Fake molly fair body
We get it popping when she at her best
Cause it's a party when she bout it
Shots dropping now she out her dress
And girls coming out the closet
A superstar on some private shit
Make a promise not to tell nobody
If she hot enough to get it well get it girl
You know what it is I don't get offended girl
Mmm mmm
Come and kick it with a player enjoy your world
You better open up let me hit it and join your world
Like the ceiling reveal it before I kill it
She tried to go and tell the city I loved her but no I didn't
Fuck nigga no I didn't get comfortable doe eye dipping
Then wonder what she was feeling
Her number does not exist in my phone lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Journey with me
Into the mind of a maniac
Doomed to be a killer
Since I came out the nutsac
I'm in a murderous mindsate
With a heart full of terror
I see the devil in the mirror
BUCK BUCK Lights out
Cause when I get my sawed off
Niggaz get hauled off  haha barrel one
Touches your motherfuckin flesh  barrel two
Shoots your fuckin heart out your chest
You see I'm quick to let the hammer go click
On my Tec-9 so if you try to reck mine
Fool it's your bad time
Feel the blast of the chocolate bomber
Infra red aimed at your head
Like your name was Sarah Conner
Decapitatin I ain't hesitatin
To put you in the funderal home
With a bullet in your dome
I'm hot like lava
You got a problem?
I got a problem solver
And his name is revolver
It's like a deadly game of freeze tag
I touch you with a 44 mag
And your frozen inside a boddy bag
Nobody iller
Than this graveyard filler
Cap peeler
Cause I'm a Natural Born Killa 
Terror illistrates my era
Now I cant hang around my momma
Cause I scare her
I'm quick to blast motherfucker
 yeah what's up
It feels like I'm bustin a nut
When I open you up
Cause your body is exposed to the midnight mist
All you weak motherfuckers give my ring a kiss
Cause I'm givin dirt naps
Comin with them bomb ass raps
To make your lungs collapse
Perhaps you never sleep
Cause evertime you doze
You catch blows to the motherfuckin nose
Ain't seen the sun in 66 days
Let me count the ways in a fucked up maze
I never ever ever made a hoe stay
But I'm down with Dre
Like AC is down with OJ
So fuck how your livin
I'm the unforgivin
Psycho drivin
Murdera
It's authentic
Don't panic
I can't stand it
God Damn it
Scizophrenic
So fuck Charlie Manson
I'll snatch him out of his truck
Hit 'em with a brick
And I'm dancin 
Mass Murderer Natural Born Killla
And I don't wanna die
I DON'T WANNA DIE
I DON'T WANNA
I DON'T WANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA DIE! 
I dont understand the logic in my dreams
But I understand I like the sound of Sireens
Terrified screams from the streams
Of Strycnine
Dumpin on any motherfucker tryin to trick mine
Cause motherfuckers wanna violate
Now they stiff and cold
And they pupils won't dialate
IT'S SO MUCH PAIN
MIGRAINE
Headache
I can hear his bones break
He steps in the single door
Gets his ass whipped with 20 lashes
Like that dude up in Singapore
So I'm a pull a fuckin Jeffrey Dahmer
Now I'm suicidal just like Nirvana 
Tic Toc
Toc Tic Toc Tic
Dr. Dre and Ice Cube on some murderous shit
Keepin niggaz in order
Makin there live shorter
Ready to slaughter
Cause to me a life ain't worth a quarter
Or a dime
Mushroom's got my mind
Hallicinatin
Ain't no debatin
I'm creatin an escape
Route to be out without a doubt
Scot Free lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Hey yeah ya know what?
I like the players
No diggity no doubt
Play on play that
Play on play that
Yo Dre drop the verse
It's going down fade to Blackstreet
The homies got RB collab creations Funk like acne
No doubt I put it down never slouch
As long as my credit could vouch
A dog couldn't catch me straight up
Tell me who could stop with Dre makin' moves
Attracting honeys like a magnet
Giving them ear-gasms with my mellow accent
Still moving his flavor with the homies Blackstreet & Teddy
The original rump shakers
Shorty get down good Lord
Baby got 'em open all over town
Strictly biz she don't play around
Cover much grounds
Got game by the pound
Getting paid is her forte
Each and every day true player way
I can't get her outta my mind
I think about the girl all the time
East side to the west side
Push your fat rides it's no surprise
She got tricks in the stash
Stacking up the cash
Fast when it comes to the gas
By no means average
She's on when she's got to have it
Baby you're a perfect 10
I wanna get in
Can I get down so I can win
I like the way you work it 
I got to bag it up
I like the way you work it 
I got to bag it up 
I like the way you work it 
I got to bag it up 
I like the way you work it 
I got to bag it up
She's got class and style
Street knowledge buy the pound
Baby never act wild
very low key on the profile
Catching villains is a no
Let me tell you how it goes
Curve's the word
spin's the verb
Lovers it curves
so freak what you heard
Rolling with the fatness
You don't even know what the half is
You gotta pay to play
Just for shorty bang bang to look your way
I like the way you work it
Trump tight all day everyday
You're blowing my mind
maybe in time
Baby I can get you with my ride
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
Cause that's my peeps and we rows 
Flying first class from New York City to Blackstreet
What you know about me
Not a  thing
Cartier wooded frames supported by my shorty
Ask for me
> Icy gleaming pinky diamond ring
We be's the baddest clique up on this scene
Ain't you getting bored with these fake ass broads
High shows and proves no doubt
I be diggin' you so
Please excuse if I come across rude
That's just me and that's how a player's got to be
Stay kickin' game with a capital 
Ask the peoples on my block I'm as real as can be
Word is born
Faking moves never been my thing
So Teddy pass the word to your  Chauncey
I'll be sending a car lets say around 3:30
Queen Pen and Blackstreet it's no diggity
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
Yeah Come on
Jackie in full effect
Lisa in full effect
Nicky in full effect
Tomeka in full effect
Ladies in full effect
Ain't nothing goin' on but the rent
Yeah play on play that
Play on play on
Cause I like it
No diggity no doubt yeah
Blackstreet productions
We out we out right
We out lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
Niggas that I used to know and sell dope wit'
Listen to how a motherfucker flow shit
And let me know what's up and they can blast on
Thinkin' about the homies that passed on.
Death row come to show you where all the game at
And show you how my label got the name that
So many wanna see me and time is money
But never in the P.E.N yo.
Welcome back to viet nam california.
Ain't a damn thing changed so let me warn you.
Every motherfuckin minute you on the west side
The best side 20 niggas that just died.
Walkin' down the streets of L.A
Stay strapped cause niggas bust caps every day yo
The 1.8.7 don't stop on undercover cops
So on this spot gettin' popped shot
Droppin' like this and like that
Rat-tat-tat-tat with their caps peelin' back.
So creep when you in the C.P.T
You catch heat from fuckin' with' the D.R.E
I got my eyes on the shit unfolding.
And there ain't gonna be no trippin'
Cause they know the type of shit that I be holdin'
If there's another word said
I'll let my forty-fo' go buck to the head nigga.
Yeah and you don't stop
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop
Yeah and you don't stop
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop
3 and to the 2 and 2 and to the 1
Head away sent away get away snoop's got a gun
And he's lookin' for the cops who set him up in '86
Now it's time to put they ass in the mix.
Back on the streets with my khakis and my scars
Nuts full of cavi and I'm headed for the bar.
Scared as a motherfucker cause I'm fresh out
But I got to make my green and plus they all fiend
Follow me they keep yellin' murder but it won't stop
Until the last nigga that you know drop.
Another nigga out but I doubt that you really give a fuck what it's about
Now 99 pigs on a block with me
Not a motherfuckin cop wanna knock with me
A C.O.N.V.I.C.T the motherfuckin D.O.G comin' from the L.B.C
Look at what the doc brought in
A chrome 38 a forty-fo' mag and mack 10
So what you wanna do? 
I got the gauge a uzi and the mothafuckin 22
So if you wanna blast nigga we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em!
Yeah and you don't stop
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop
Yeah and you don't stop
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop
Splat to a motherfucker face he fall.
Strong motherfucker cause he starts to crawl.
I guess I gots to load the glock again.
Hit 'em with the hollow points and watch him spin.
Fuck it I had to do this quick
Grabbed the glock 17 the clip went click.
Tried to detect but did not detect perfect
So I creep on that ass pops him and drops him.
That ought to stop from beatin' up blacks
Dead in his tracks from a full six pack.
Relax cause I'm about to take my respect.
I aimed the twelve gauge straight for his neck.
Boo-ka! Boo-ka! then I fade into the wind
1.8.7 and it's on again.
Well it's on and it's on and it's on and it's on
Fo'-fo' desert eagle to your motherfuckin dome
And it's on and it's on and it's on and it's on
Fo'-fo' desert eagle to your motherfuckin dome.
Fuck 'em buck 'em if they really wanna trip
Niggas keep your hands on your motherfuckin shit.
Yeah and you don't stop
Cause it's 1.8.7 on a undercover cop
Yeah and you don't stop lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
All ways and forever forever and all ways
the rhythm will flow from now and through all days
as long as the sun shines
as long as Eisenours on the dime
yo I'll be kickin the rhyme
One time for ya mind your soul your body
D-o-g's on the side of me smooth as E & J
hard as Bacardi smackin those yaddy-yacks and ducks keep quackin
hands that are clappin end up cracklin
under the heat the pressure from the one thats deffer
Egyptian ruler will call me cleo ro Nefertiti yes indeedi
got the eyes of the beedie-body from Tahiti
voice of the will lyrics blow
chills up ya spine thats illslow
all thoughts in ya mind drop a yo
came in the front but you be kicked through the back door
for tryin to step tryin to come incorrect
tryin to play the left tryin to start a mess
tryin to cause fuss tryin to raise a ruckus...Huh
you'll end up ashes to ashes dusk to dusk
a busta you musta been fuckin on drugs
and alcohol back off all a yall up against the wall
spread em doggs go get em and
cuff em and stuff em cold shed em dont let em
not a word not another one heard
if you try you die visions blurred speech slurred
served with a cherry on top
Rage in effect I just begun to rock
Yeah rock on witcha bad self RAGE!
rock on witcha bad self RAGE!
Rock on witcha bad self RAGE!
Rock on witcha bad self.... 
Yo..Im Dat Nigga Daz who packs a tre-8 slug
a true nigga from the hood and the pound gives love
Yo see...niggas wanna be down but never came around
so back up off my nuts and stop sweatin the pound
you see niggas get broke off like 123
cuz Im the D-A to the..
D-A- to the Z
Now G'z pay attention to this young ass mack daddy
in a caddy-haddy not known about the city 
where the niggas hang around
so I roll em up and hit em up wit the motherfuckin Dogg Pound 
I'm rough and rugged and up till to the dirt
I'm from the Dogg Pound nigga so Im puttin in work
I'm no joke who the fuck you tryin to provoke
It's cool how his ass got smoked
I don't drink no fuckin Vsop
I drink the motherfuckin O.G. O-E
Im from the clik that be kickin the gangsta shit bitch
real niggas real G'z wit real big dicks
I hit em up wit the Pound
so what you wanna throw up
claimin your cocaine or cavi when you blow up
know what? the Pounds in the motherfuckin house
back again we try to get high as we kin
Dr.Dre be kickin phat rhymes and produce and kick shit
I gets more wicked than Beetlejuice
Motherfuckers get battered so scatter 
before I keep ya hostage a nigga hostage like the grim reaper
so Im comin from my hood...what hood
you really like to know motherfucker I thought you knew
motherfucker dont you know Im stranded on the row
I take a look into the crowd kick a style a flow
I'm mashin motherfuckers get murdered for action
relax kid your rollin wit a fuckin assasin
outlasted did dirt the other day
betray the roll of a G from the D-O double G
P-o-u-n-d Pound so bow-bow motherfuckin marks
the execute the start when the chronic gets sparked
Im like ??
Wrecks I flex murderous rhymes to leave you all dead
what said is all said its already spoke
the dead is the dead I aint no fuckin joke
I murder motherfuckers as a hobby
one of my idols aint no joke so why in the fuck should I be
Fly me to the Bahamas ruff rhymer 
dramas what your kickin wicked is how Im a
approach ya the locster whos quick to up and smoke ya
your lookin like a smoka grinnin like the joker
I yolk ya from da back like a bitch talkin shit
but a bitch aint shit cuz a bitch aint shit
but a ho and trick on my dick
flip lets take a trip to the Dogg Pound
fools tryed to punk me when I was young but Im a hog now
and I gets respect and I step wit a tec 9
ready to put somethin up in that ass to give respect mine
fool Deatrow aint lynchin and the Pound aint mobbin
we all dont give a fuck run in your crib and start robbin
throbbin lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. DJ Quik Mimi)
Y'all ready to get dirty?
Do y'all really wanna get X-rated?
Heh bottoms up
Just hit me up when you need
Sex endo and Hennessey
Won't you just put it on me
Undress on yo company
 Put it on me
Relax and come chill with me
Kick back I got what you need
Won't you just put it on me
We back we mack stay blunted
Knee pads yo hoes they wanted
Penthouse two o'clock eleven hundred
It aint no fun if I can't reroute your hoes in this direction
Swerve in the intersection I'm done she restin
No question done session
Home wreckin Doc motherfuckin Dre no guessin
Nothin less than I mess when I'm sexin
Bang on the block
Even Asian bitches like to bang cock
Draws drop she bunny hops
On it like a pro she comes out the clothes
But uh she flips the dildos
Whether in the Pumps Nikes or the steel toes
Dre you can spot it in the benzos
Squawtin real low got me drivin real slow she's a real ho
And even though her parents spent the fat chip
On that private school chip
She graduated got some thug dick and flipped
No more checkered sweater vest and plaid skirts
She's out here naked more or less and that hurts
But she's in good hands cause Suga Free palmin
He sent her to the Sheraton with Thomas
If you need 'em they at 310-629-9755
You hit 'em and they let you know when she's arrived
Oh she okay she just runnin an errand
With this Portuguese dime piece named Karen
Bouncin through the mall spottin 'em all
A sucker for a dick sucker ready to fall
For a daughter like yours
Got him pattin his pocket and comin out his drawers
Layin his jacket on puddles openin the doors
All for what?
Because I promised her my name gave her the game and still aint fucked
Just hit me up when you needÖ
Sex endo and Hennessey
Won't you just put it on me
Undress on yo company
 Put it on me
Relax and come chill with me
Kick back I got what you need
Won't you just put it on me
 Put it on me
Fuck everybody let's just go
We can get drunk have some fun and blow some smoke
 My spot is close c'mon lets roll
 I'll keep it on a low ahh
Now we just kickin back playin on some PS2
Contemplatin the game Dre and me best do
If you feelin froggies then leave when we test you
But I'm guaranteein you bitches leavin three less two
Never mind what that love and hate one pairs do
Y'all just snicker at that hooker when we all pass through
Dr. Dre and DJ Quik will probly outlast you
You're like see-trough pair of boxers nigga yo ass trough
Bitch you need some good dick I got that too
Speed bag the clit leave it black and blue
Time of yo live I got that boo
Creep late nights up in hotel rooms
We drank eat shrooms
Kill something crank the volume
Fuck in every room
You know your home girl want it Tag team bitch
Why you being dick greedy? Tag team bitch
When she cums she drips on mattresses
Bedroom time comes I handle shit
Wifey caught up me nigga
That's yo bitch that's yo biz
That's show biz that's how hoes is
With or without kids
Long as you keeping it on a hush she ridin dick
Aint been satisfied much she's been fakin
That's why she callin me guess what she's sayinÖ
Just hit me up when you needÖ
Sex endo and Hennessey
Won't you just put it on me
Undress on yo company
 Put it on me
Relax and come chill with me
Kick back I got what you need
Won't you just put it on me
 Put it on me
Fuck everybody let's just go
We can get drunk have some fun and blow some smoke
 My spot is close c'mon lets roll
 I'll keep it on a low lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
As the wheels turn city to city hundreds fold chronic smoke
Twist up another philly 
Them niggas still trippin off that old shit  how silly
It's a whole 'nother day  Snoop Dogg 
Nigga can ya feel this?
It's the D-O-double you don't run up you won't see no trouble
If you caught up in these fuckin streets
Who you gon' call when them niggas gettin ready to blast?
Yeah and if that shit's gettin ugly
Who you gon' call when them niggas come to gettin ya ass?
Big dittog push the big hittog
Ya hoppin and poppin how bout you hop up off my bittalls
Got dirt on my pittaws
I broke a few littaws
It really don't matter cause I'm only here to spit on
And get on shit on niggas
Do it to 'em D-O-double right on nigga
I'm saggin it baggin it slang them Dubs
You motherfuckers think The Wash is all soap and suds whassup cuz?
If you tryin to get a dub sack page me
The ho's say "D-Loc you so crazy"
Poppin that shit don't phase me
I need my chips and the dip it's like gravy
Now back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is expected and I'm feelin that demand
Los Ang broad day gunnin
That ain't no earthquake it's just Dre comin
If this shit ain't played the party ain't bumpin
If I don't show up the ho's ain't fuckin
Cali sunshine come visit
Just don't stop at stop signs with bullet holes in it
All Star league you writin Benjamins
I handles my business FUCK fake niggas
I sell game a quarter million a track
Snoop and the good Doc back with a brand new sack
Shit's wrong money gone I blast
Out of town out of bounds no pass
Runnin up talkin shit get smashed
Shoot first ask questions last
Fallin back on that ass hit the switch and let the ass just drag
2001 2002 Taz
My nigga what you holdin?
Step out with the Stacy's and the Snoop Dogg clothing
Rollin with the braids in my hair
Crimped out way pimped out OH YEAH
You gots to pay the cost to beat the boss
After all that dirt I gots to get my shit washed
The Wash
The Wash
(ahh ahh)
The Wash
(ahhhh lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
(feat. Eminem Nas)
My motto is 
So why is my supply low?
Bring in a truckload with a high-low
Stay grounded but I still reach for the sky though
Ghetto idol I think but what do I know?
Shit I know a lot more than I should
The hood stood by me just like I thought it would
Dont act like I'm Hollywood when I prob'ly could
I don't polly
Mohammed Ali of rap I don't lolly gag
West Coast the home of the bodybag
The shotty the mag
Los Angeles where the party at?
You can catch me anywhere where there's Bacardi at
Yeah Andre is back so have a cardiac
Started back with the black
Rated starter cap
Gangsta rap we practically fuckin' started that
Everyday with this game I'm gettin' smarter at
Sky's the limit so everytime I get on a track
Cause ladies when I shine. Nigga wish quick.
No startin Iím the shootin kind. 
Front page all the time. You boys think sick but I aint got no roof on mine.
I drink Topless I live Topless. Like my girl is the game with her titties out.
I drink Topless I live Topless. Skyís the limit Iím paid to run the city now.
Ya skins ya traveling bag of your existence.
Yours is shabby and scab while mines glistenin.
Vivid on my skin how many continents
Iíve visit then you could journey with me to different places by listenin. 
Shittin on em. Ya brutha got it covered we can slug it lyrics
Dr. Dre Lyrics
 God damn you didn't know so
well I can blast fast so freak an ill type of slow flow.
I'm hitting harder than Berry Boss so check the golden child
throwing it to your ear-hole got you going buck wild.
But truck-tracks rhymes all day breaking off niggaz proper
did dirt did West cause I clown coppers .
Do hip-hop rap compose 'em most I couldn't see me
mad advanced and my skills are all about the dollar bills.
From Pittsburgh to Cali dropping bombs like that
was on the D.L. with the squad so I couldn't hold it back.
Black I regulate I buzz a big gate figure
mobbing with the ill nigga with his finger on a bigger trigger.
Serving all  hitting sevens on the 
making do' eating shrimps locing with some real pimps .
So peep game best believe I love my peeps
that's why I make the type of music you can pump in your jeeps
.
So buck my sound I put it down for the underground
I got the women cause I'm slamming jamming.
Got it going on this time for this new producer to rise
so open your eyes I think you better recognize. 
Once again it's the man with the masterplan
they call him Sam and I  
I remember days on the blocks where I slang slung played punk cops
and mad props cause I ran with hard rocks .
From napalms to Uzi's I made G's 
them build up enough Luther by keys.
No gang affiliation yo I stood on my own to pulling capers
I'm a sneaky slick nigga I never had to pull the trigger .
I mack and on top and that I'm used to staying wicked with just 24-7
you can ask my ex-hooker.
But now I'm on some new improved shit
making hits stacking chips now everything's legitimate.
I flipped the scrip a long time ago on the five-o
when I had to scope with this new way to make my cash flow .
Yes indeedy I wasn't greedy got my niggaz out the gutter
now they're rolling with the Sam Sneezy.
Hip hop fanatic causing static in the industry
these whack creators I call 'em imitators .
Been trying to see me but see I'm unexplainetory
with the fame and glory that's why I gotta tell my story.
With no disguise a lot of niggaz despise
because I'm on an uprise so I think you better recognize. 
Once again it's the man with the masterplan
they call him Sam and I  
Well I'm back in the mix with a bottle of hennessy
so fire up a blunt let's have an end of the sanity.
Crazy shot outs giving pounds to all my niggaz
hitting all the hookers by the dozen cause they dig us .
Fuck what you've heard recognize what you be seeing
it's time to earn truth to the game human being.
I'm that little bass nigga trying to get mine fuck a nine
cause I'll incline with the mastermind.
I got my crew in my corner so I can't loose
cause I'm paying mad douze in this record biz I don't snooze.
And suckers be popping at those idiotic egosytible type of flimflam
I can't be faded Sam-am.
Playing with the hustlers never dealing with the knucklehead bollers
cause boys play with toys and scholars play with dollars.
I'm a mack of my own right plus my game is tight
baby get it right I ain't the one so take flight.
Bitches give my mad rep nothing but the brazen off tempo
thinking they can get my loot I never trip to knock the boots.
I gotta be wise when time to dip between the thies
all eyes on the price so I think you better recognize. 
Once again it's the man with the masterplan
they call him Sam and I  
Once again it's the man with the masterplan lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
In the Trap house In The Trap House In The Trap House
Gucci Mane Check It
Choppa on the floor pistol on the coach
Hood rich so I never had a bank account
Junkies going in junkies going out
Made a hundred tho  In My Trap House
Money kinda short but we can work it out
Made a hundred tho  In My Trap House
Bricks going in Bricks going out
Made a hundred tho  In My Trap House
I'm tired of selling bricks I wanna go legit
I wonder can I sell 11 mill like 50 Cent
Cause platinum ain't enough I got too many vices
I love to smoke weed love to shoot dices
Say my life style extravagant I talk cash shit
Bitches say I'm arrogant well god damn Gucci cockie then
But at the same time young hoes be jocking slim
Gucci ain't shit lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
In the club tryin to find me a bad ass broad
Gave her five for the pussy then I took her to the mall
That's all babygirl thats all
18 for the whole nine five for the half 
Came up in the hood sellin fifty dollar slabs
Thats all playboy thats all
When them bottles start poppin girls start jockin 
The girl so fine that I took the chick shoppin
Dueces on the old school smokin on the dro fool
Know that its a hit my voice done hit the tool
Gucci mane frank nitty got it like 
That never seen a chick wit a body like that 
Shawty actin feisty too damn sheisty
Get wit Gucci mane baby u be so icy 
Can't lie baby girl you fine as hell
Will I hit it in the first date time will tell 
Baby says she like the way the top drop back
Never thought my home boy girl a jock like that 
40 on the braclet back to basic
A mill worth of ice in these playa haters faces
A mill worth of ice in Gucci mane good gracious
Got a slick flow and I think its contagious
I ain't wit that flexin cat he investing
Tell htese playa haters to check my bds benz
Like Yao Ming man my money staked tall
I deal for half a mill nigga thats all
See a broad Gucci mane ill buy
The same dude u shop wit im his supplier
Gucci Gucci Gucci yours truly thats me
Hood rich or cocky I just might be 
Wit my chain so bright Ray charles might see
More ice on me than a game of hockey
If you want a mean dick you can ride my six
Suck a good dick then ill get your hair fixed 
Gucci brake bricks down used to sell fifties
Watch on my wrist man it cost a buck fifty
King of the city Gucciman Frank nitty 
Ill gives a bitch a dove if she let me touch her tities
Gucci mane make you look lke you posed to look 
Gucci shoesGucci fit and a pocket book 
Let you party like a rock star ride in boxcar
Have you gainin weight everyday eatin lobster
All your friends invited so u can bring a partner
Gucci in the hood sellin weed like a docter
Fifty dollar slab to a trunk full of holes
Never at the house cause im always doing shows 
Teamed up with big cat now they want to chit chat
Role to crash raod lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Put on your booty shorts 
Ooh I really like the sexy way you walk 
Ooh I like the way you make your booty talk 
Everytime you put on your booty shorts 
Believe dat girl
I don't holla at girls girls holla at me 
I don't throw dollars at girls they throw dollars at me 
Gucci you conceited bitch I might be 
Cause my chain so bright Stevie Wonder might see 
Yea you got a man but ya man ain't me 
Add ya whole life savings times three 
The mouth full of dro and the clothes ain't free 
So you gotta be a dimepiece to approach me 
How much 'unh can one girl take 
How many cakes can one man bake 
Playa on the real man I don't know 
I just love it when they fresh and they ass cheeks show 
Everybody stare when I walk in the room 
Smokin on purp got me high like the moon 
Chain front big like its New Year's Eve 
But my Rollie on fire like the first day of June
I neva seen a chick wit a body like that 
Gucci Mane Lil Flap bitch I got it like that 
Stuntin in the club wit my nigga Big Kap 
Made the waitress come back wit 20 mo' stacks 
Iced out chain got a iced out grill 
Independent I ain't got no deal 
Hood rich bitch do ya know the feelin? 
My watch worth damn near a quarter million 
Shawty got some shorts on oh lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Young Jeezy Boo)
I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy 
All these girls excited 
Oooo ya know they like it 
I'm so icy so icy 
Girl don't try to fight it 
All yo friends invited 
I'm so icy so icy 
Got a house around my neck and my wrist on chill 
Any given time 250 in ya grill  
All I do is talk shit u can even add a couple grand for my outfit 
U betta act like ya know man in my hood they call me Jeezy da Snowman 
Ya get it? Get it? Jeezy da Snowman 
I'm iced out plus I got snow man 
Let it marinate y'all niggaz is slow man  
I used to get nineteen for a beat 
Call me Ginuwine the same 'ol G  
I'm da shit biiiaaattch I need toilet paper  
And some air freshener nigga fuck a hata 
These niggaz don't like me 
I'm wit da Gucci Mane and I'm so icy 
She diggin my fit she think I'm da shit 
Is this a chain on my neck or the watch in my wrist 
Maybe the ice in my ear or my bracelet 
But she look like the type that could take a dick 
Young Gucci Mane don't kiss me baby u can kiss my chain 
Ya gotta be a dime piece 
just to look at the rocks in my time piece 
I come through in a drop top Jag or Old-School Chevy 
wit da antique tags 
My pockets so heavy that I can't walk steady 
Niggaz coppin ice we done done it already 
Got a gold grill but it's not from Eddie 
I ride big Chevys cuza nigga ain't petty 
I'm icy so muthafuckin snowed up lil kids wanna 
be like Gucci when they grow up 
Me jeezy and Boo 
We ain't hatin pussy nigga 'gon and do what u do 
Cuz we icy so icy we icy so icy 
I'm hoppin out the range wit da seats piped out 
You can still see my chain even when da lights out 
Cuz dat's how monsters do it 
Spit a lil game give 'em that flosser music 
I'm da man from da C.H.I. 
These lames runnin 'round thinkin they so fly 
Got a lil buzz but Boo been too high 
I'm pullin hoes in da club and I don't even try 
I guess when she glance at my wrist she wanna get my dick 
I tell her holla at Jeezy if ya wanna pop Cris 
Get at Gucci Mane cuz he on some lil shit 
And you know I'm in da cut grippin my 4/5 
Like let a nigga trip naw we ain't runnin 
We just takin all ya chicks buyin drinks gettin blunted 
Groupies show you how to do this son 
We throwin out hundreds while you savin them ones 
I got so many rocks on my chain and watch 
I know I'm da shit my chain hang down to my dick 
I know I'm da bomb just look at my charms 
I know I'm da shit lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gucci mane
Two Thangs
Trap House
Gucci Mane in da building (Gucci Gucci)
Laflare Big Kat 
Say we got it like that 
Everythang don't mean two thangs watch this
Young Gucci Mane got a style so strange
Every word I use might mean two thangs 
Young Gucci Mane got a style so strange
Every word I use dont mean two thangs
Uhhhhh...
It ain't the way its da principle 
What kind of student make mo money than da principal
And I never made da Honor Roll 
But I'm in the lunch line with a honor Roll
U pumpin' iron in da weight room 
I'm on da grind got a nine in da weight room
And I never play softball 
But I always kept da hard and da soft balls
U doin math on da calculator 
I'm weighin slabs doin math on a calculator
And I ain't tryna to write no essays 
I'm tryna to get a hundred pounds for my eses
U tryna learn how ta speak spanish 
But my connect tryna teach me ta speak spanish
And U a monitor in da hallway 
I'm allday on da grind wit a 4-way
Uhh....
U da one who won da Spelling Bee 
I'm da first 3rd grader wit a felony
And I never was a teacher's pet 
I'm da one who went and stole da teacher's cigarettes
And I never went on field trips 
I'm at Walter's tryna buy me some stash slips
And I always been cut throat 
15 takin' big niggas starter coats
Laflare entertainment by myself 
But I used to have a high right lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
We gon do it like this yall
We gon do it like that yall
We gon do it like this yall 
We gon do it like that yall 
All the money don't matter to me 
And all the ice don't matter to me 
Your girlfriends don't matter to me 
Any nigga don't matter to me 
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see 
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen 
The way you walk is so sexy
The way you talk is so sexy
The way you move is so sexy 
Everything about you girl 
My eyes deceiving me
She wants to be with me
She wants to sleep with me
Gucci needs two or three
I keep ya icy 
I have ya supa fresh 
I know ya like me
You like the way I dress
Lately in love with me 
I'm in light wood
The game me so head
I spit one night worth
Keep a college girl past her curfew
Says she like me and she like her too
Get a bitch suck a dick what she gon do?
Point at the house had ta point it on you
Tell your girlfriend & your best friend too
You can bring a whole dorm and they can have some fun too
All the money don't matter to me 
And all the ice don't matter to me 
Your girlfriends don't matter to me 
Any nigga don't matter to me 
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see 
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen 
The way you walk is so sexy
The way you talk is so sexy
The way you move is so sexy 
Everything about you girl 
My eyes deceiving me
She wants to be with me
She wants to sleep with me
Gucci needs two or three
I keep ya icy 
I have ya supa fresh 
I know ya like me
You like the way I dress
A pretty young thang in some applebottom jeans
Gold tooth man  for the gucci man team
Says she like the way my gold grill gleam
And my chain hang low down to 
Down to my ding a ling
Gotta bad yellow thang down at the AU 
 her she my girl
But the shit ain't true
I give a bitch the world but
She don't know what to do
Parasuca  office icey fresh hair dos.
All the money don't matter to me 
And all the ice don't matter to me 
Your girlfriends don't matter to me 
Any nigga don't matter to me 
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see 
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen 
The way you walk is so sexy
The way you talk is so sexy
The way you move is so sexy 
Everything about you girl 
We hit the louie shop
Cuz all we do is shop
Shut down the parking lot
When we jumped out the truck
Jeans and a halter top
They askin what my name
Money don't matter
Tourgad  and gucci mane
Ima watch you through the hood on the 26's
Buy you a braclete real expensive
Gucci only holler at the baddest bitches
Love they way a boss bitch handle her business
Gucci mane 
Fly down the street with my 
Gotta move the blow but its on the d-low
Thats what they made the train and the greyhound for
All the money don't matter to me 
And all the ice don't matter to me 
Your girlfriends don't matter to me 
Any nigga don't matter to me 
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see 
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen 
The way you walk is so sexy
The way you talk is so sexy
The way you move is lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Don't let yo' mouth write a check that yo' ass can't cash
I'm the lawnmower man and yo' ass is grass
Gucci Mane make a nigga wear a shit bag
Actin bad like a kid at Six Flags
I'll send some slugs at yo' bitch ass
In my hood ain't no love for yo' bitch ass
Fifty pounds in the trash bag
Anybody move then that nigga gettin blast at
Hit a lick for 'bout fifty stacks
Niggaz trippin talkin 'bout Gucci bring the money back
Half a brick and I'm breakin that
I'm in the trap where the junkies at
I'm gettin fat fuck a jumpin jack
Zay' drop a track the whole industry be jockin that
I'll put a hole in your stocking cap
Work ya like a bitch at the Body Tap
I stay strapped blow you off the map
Niggaz hate behind my back but when they see me give me dap
Uhhhh...
I'm from the hood I'll punch your lights out
I took your jewelry now I'm iced out 
Gucci Mane got that 'caine in
I swear I never tuck my chain in
You just a thug gettin traded
I'm a thug entertainin
Really I'm a street nigga
That chopper on the seat nigga
All ready for that beef nigga
Yo Gucci gotta eat nigga
I guess I'll see you when I see you nigga
I wouldn't wanna be you nigga
Now ain't that like a nigga
Tryin to sound like a nigga
A lover not a fighter nigga
But let me see yo' lighter nigga
You see the bracelet on my arm my necklace my charm
I'm dangerous and armed with grenades and bombs
Y'all done slumped out with tons of ones
In tha club puttin on like 
Yours truly young Gucci all I do is hustle hard
Never had credit but used my 2000 Mastercard
Grimy and gritty hotter than cookin with lard
Gucci Mane on the block again and I'm cookin ya boys
It's that grown man shit nigga bring all the toys
When I snap they'll have to call the lieutenant and sarge
Bring the whole entourage see she thinkin you hard
And watch how quick I load the chopper bullets you gotta dodge
Uhhh... Gucci Mane on the track nigga
Zaytoven on the track nigga
Big Cat Laflare nigga
I'm the lawnmower man lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gucci Mane 
Big Cat Laflare (Big Cat Laflare)
Let's get it 
Half a brick in a pyrex pot
Trying to make me a dope boy knot
Two pounds and I'm like real big
Stacking double see the nigga so big
I got to get it got to get it got to run my money up
Got to get it got to get it got to run my money up 
Uh! I'm going on a Trap-A-Thon
Gucci Mane like Gotti I'm the Dapper Don
Uh! Hundred G's in my Gucci bag
So if you look at me wrong I'ma do yo' ass
Uh Gucci Mane I'm the bread and butter
Run trap sell crack nigga spread your hustle
Uh pockets fatter than Oprah Winfrey
Gucci Mane I'm the baller of the fucking century
Uh iced out like Babe an' them
I can sell mo' records than Shade an' them
Uh Gucci Mane you're a cocky fella
I make it rain so you better get you umbrella
Uh and my watch is on another level
Clusters of diamonds and they bunched together
Uh why you talking so much shit?
Yo bitch cause I'm so rich
Okay somethin white like Michael Jackson
Bust the shit out the rubber then I start to trappin
Gucci Mane got the lone ticket
Run stack for the midget nigga fuck with me uh
Shawty say he short a couple stacks
The diamond chain on my neck is doing jumping jacks uh
Yo' money short like Spud Webb
Bend down nigga broke nigga need help uh
My money talking like Dikembe
Gucci Mane I make a Friday out of Wednesday uh
Mo dough than CVS
Still making moves thuggin with S-Y-S uh
All my shows better be whippin up
J's keep the ash scrubs when we pick it up uh
And me and Cad in a Hum-Vee
Yellow diamonds got me lookin like a bumblebee uh
Gucci got a plug for the square face
Got them quarter ki's I call 'em chicken wangs
Got the gangster peas I call 'em collard greens
We got them ex pills we call 'em skitters mayne
Gucci on the grind catch me at the spot
Got some cocaine jumping out the damn pot
Get some cool water it's too damn hot
All I want for Christmas is the dopeman knot
Hustle harder be smarter
We gonna eat when I bring it out the water
36 O's for the 17
Five for the drive lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Bun B Young Jeezy Killer Mike Jody Breeze 4-Tre Lil' Scrappy)
I rob in my black tee 
Hit licks in my black tee 
All in ya house searchin for bricks in my black tee  
I kill in my black tee 
I steal in my black tee 
Im real so I gotta keep it trill in my black tee  
You can catch me all in a nigga house wit a black tee 
Gucci Mane lil flair got a million dollar mouthpiece 
Black Tee black rag even got a black mask 
Leavin out ya house thirty pounds in my book bag 
Black 'lac black tag fin' to hit a lick again 
You a head bussa put yo hand wit yo fist den 
Franchise hate me probly wanna kill me 
Remixed it wit Scrappy and now the hood feel me 
Fresh on the scene wit the all black shirt 
Gucci so gutta he'll steal money out ya purse 
Lay up in ya yard rob ya when ya go to church 
Ya love white tees now ya face on the shirt 
Black tee black beat trappin on the front street 
Got a black pistol grip pump on the seat 
Black tee O.G. nigga don't approach me 
Bubble gum wappin ass niggaz can't smoke me 
It's Bun B in his black tee & G in his black tee 
Reppin UGK and BAT in his black tee 
Pimp in his black tee mack in his black tee 
Free Pimp C on the back of his black tee 
Gucci chain swangin on the front of his black tee 
Cadillac swangin smokin blunts in his black tee 
Stunt in his black tee Ball in his black tee 
It ain jus me pimpin we all got a black tee 
And I got a 1-2 Bun 
Got 36 O's for the 2-1 
Jeezy bout them green guys 
Got H-town goin for the ten or fives 
Im talkin cornflakes 
Got inner tubes wrapped in black duck tape 
Say it again dawg to make sure that ya heard me 
Got my four-x black tee up under my jersey 
I got the all black Chevy on all black rims 
Keep a small black gat in my all black Tims 
On the all-black leather there's a all-black mack 
Tryin to snatch get ya black ass blowed the fuck back 
44 to ya torso 4 in ya hat 
Kick doja to ya house n put it to a cataract 
Gorillas wit banana clips goin monkey in the back 
They'll put yo ass in that black box laid out flat 
Look I slang in my white but I bang in my black tee 
Gucci on the front Jody Breeze on the back street 
Chillin by a black Cadillac on sum black feet 
Scrappy in a Chevy watchin Scarface on the flat screen 
Told yall constantly ride wit the pump wit me 
Yup in my black tee wit the nine underneath 
I aint gotta keep tellin yall niggaz ima G 
Ima just cock back and leave sum blood on ya teeth 
Im s-stainless in my black tee 
Remainin in my black tee 
On the grind cause I like to shine in my black tee 
Diamond glistenin cross plus the background is a black tee 
Thieve then come back sprayin rounds in my black tee 
4-Tre I want war in my black tee 
Fuck them probly neva wore a black tee 
Workin in my black tee smokin purple in my black tee 
Im lookin for twelve all out yo curtain in my black tee 
Fuck a white tee I got my black tee and vest on 
Fuck a sturdy shot I'm goin straight for the bread home 
I don't know why yall niggaz dropped move b 
Cause now Raheem'll show ya punk ass a tree 
Bust nuts in my black tee lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Corner cuttin trap shakin
Booty hoppin you hear that beat knockin
 That's that beat knockin
 Yeah that's that beat knockin
Silverados sittin on 60's
Lamborghini do's just for the bitches
 That's for the bitches
 That's for the bitches
Dodge Magnum paint it platinum
He got to hear me in it so it's the fast one
 That is the fast one
 Nah that's the fast one
Bubble eye Hummer with the chrome grill
Ask your baby mama how that leather feel
 That's how the leather feel
 That's how the leather feel
Brand new 'Vette with the Calvins
Red and black same color as the Falcons
 As the Falcons
 As the Falcons
63M check the tag yessir
Under the hood nigga it's a geek monster
 Now that's a geek monster
 Now that's a geek monster
Old school Chevy with the Gucci guts
It's that latter day I'ma make 'em put it up
 I make 'em put it up
 I make 'em put it up
Paint drippin wet like my girl pussy
Me and Khujo smokin bubble kushy
 Yeah that's that bubble kushy
 Yeah that's that bubble kushy
Every woofer on I skated on chrome
Just the other day I got my lights on
 I got my lights on
 I got my lights on
20 cars deep everybody whippin
{?} run the mill all in them 26's
 Oh them the 26's
 Oh them the 26's
Bubble out bill with the frog face
Alligator seats that's how them ballers play
 That's how them ballers play
 That's how them ballers play
Old school Chevelle lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Since you can't get right Imma show you how to hustle show you how to hustle show you how to hustle.
Make a grind all night Imma show you how to hustle show you how to hustle show you how to hustle..
Put ya game down tight Imma show you how to hustle show you how to husle show you hwo to hustle.
It's an all night flight Imma show you how to hustle show you hustle show you how to hustle 
I let my hater be my motivator I got 20 pounds of purp in my frigerator. 
So damn an investergator when I re-up they bring it in a tractor trailor. 
I'm the king of Decatur man got that fruity dro any kinda flavor man 
Bubble cush or that purple thrax white rhino you ain't never heard of dat. 
I got them sevens fr the buck fifty 125 if an nigga fuck wit me.
 you doin bad buyin 50 slabs I'm in Texico buyin out sandwich bags 
Niggas churpin on my Nextel Gucci what it look like nigga fish scales 
I use to hold down the Hotel now I'm a member of the Big Cat Cartel
I use to be the nigga wit the dimes now I'm on the grind wit the 4's and the 9's. 
They say it's Gucci time to shine a young black Enterprenuer in nhis prime 
A nigga gota get the whole thang 19-5 evrytime my phone rang 
I got so much clientell black tee black Gat and a pocket scale 
So I can't go broke man niggas know me as the Dope man's dope man 
I made this one for my folks man for the J's thatb be smokin outta coke cans 
and they askin for a wake up you wanna a brick I gotcha covered like make-up. 
so wantcha holla atcha boy you drop a couple dollars I'll getcha coke lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Dammmn shawty! Why you hatin so hard?
Cause my chain worth a mill? Are my rims too large?
Dammmn shawty! You can get it like me
Ay don't be mad cause I'm in the club throwin up G's
Dammmn shawty! That shit fucked up
Niggaz mad cause I'm hot and they ain't gettin no love
Dammmn shawty! I'm straight from the streets
Sticks and stones break bones words motivate me
Gucci finally made it niggaz player hated
When I hit the club I got twenty G's to play with
Bitch I'm the brick man ballin like a rich man
Sippin on this syrup got me leanin like a kickstand
Recognize the pimpin feel the real attention
Laflare Entertainment I'm playin my position
Waitin on the bitches holla at the bitches
Never worked for Church's but I served a lot of chickens
Got a lot of G's so I do a little trickin
Hoe take this lil' money bitch and go on about ya business
Every day is Christmas every night is Valentine's
Ten in New York it's nine Alabama time
Moved to A-T-L the whole East Atlanta mine
Billion dollar deal I signed on the dotted line
Gucci 'bout to pimp shit lobster steak and shrimp shit
Big Cat Laflare you try and get your wig split
They say my chain so cold but my watch too hot
My earrings bling pinkie ring on fire
Twinkle twinkle see the stars pass by
Gucci Mane ain't hot? Youse a God damn liar
Why ask why? Niggaz go Bud Dry
A case of Cristal and a black fo'-five
Hoes in the club like "Who is that guy?
Drinkin Cristal throwin money in the sky?"
His fit so sharp and his wheels so large
The rims keep spinnin but the car stay parked
Fo' bedroom with the two car garage
Gucci just copped nigga I ain't got a flaw
Wet paint job and the automatic start
Semi-automatic if you try to play hard
Gucci Mane Montana lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Babygirl Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head
Shawtii gotta ass on ha 
Imma put my hands on ha 
Imma spend a couple grand on ha 
Imma pop a rubberband on ha 
Im tryna figure which chick imma see today .
Picked up a young gurl looked like Lisa Ray .
When I seen ha in da club said I gots to get ha 
cuz she look like she might be Trina sista .
Gotta gurl look just like Lauren Hill 
took ha to da crib cuz she kno' wut it is .
Imma bump ha but I cant stand ha daddy do' 
but she got mo' ass than Jackie O' .
Gotta brown skin gurl like Foxy Brown .
Bought a quarter pound just to blow it down .
Tattoos all ova' like Eva or sumthin' .
Long hair but it must be weave or sumthin' .
Gotta spot so I bought ha new furniture 
cuz she pretty in da face like Monica .
I really dig da gurl so I gave a ticket to Gucci World .
Im in da club niggas screamin' who da hill is dat .
Dat gurl wit' dat ass all on da back.
I got dat fire read thong wit' bra to match .
Imma real boss bitch and im hard to catch.
Mac Bre-Z pimpin aint E-Z nigga 
you can leave me cuz I don't really need ya nigga .
I got dat chevy and ya hear me fo'
ya see me nigga cuz my mama sho' da Mack how to treat a nigga.
And imma Top Notch Bitch dat talk shit but I take none .
Hair stay fixed
Jump fresh wit my nails done 
my braclet. My nigga sick so you already kno'
when I step up in da club
I be rockin' stilettos hoe .
Imma jazzy gurl straight classy gurl .
And ya never head a nigga say im nasty gurl .
And ya never meet a gurl dat will shine like me 
cuz im wit da Gucci Mane im SO ICEY.
Dem niggas jealous say you aint got time fo' dat .
All dat shake can a nigga get some fries wit dat
. Too much ass I aint gotta press a high to dat .
Hair blonde fo' a minute til'
she dyed it black. In da club wit ha gurls everybody pretty.
Said she used to dance at Magic City .
Go Gurl 
To da flo' gurl 
Shake it real slow like a pro gurl 
Hit da dro gurl cuz its yo world 
Dance one time den get some mo' gurl 
Gucci in the club two rubberband bites
smokin' bubbagush and da shit just stank .
Six gurls dancin' at da same time 
never seen a hood hoe so damn fine .
Turn around babygurl lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Zaytoven on the track
Zay-tiggy
Gucci
Gucci
So Watch Entertainment
Lets Go
They call me Chef-Boy-R.G.
But hold that thought
Its a Kodak Moment
But hold that thought
Hurricane wrist game
Turn that junk off
Hot as piggly wiggly
Cant kermit the frog dog
Early in the mornin
I aint even yawnin
Cookin up a cake
Like I'm doin a performance
When it come to flossin
I aint even talkin
Diamonds on my joint
Got my chevy moonwalkin
10 bricks on my Bart Simpson just look
My watch 35 pounds of kush
My ring 36 oz's my nig
My bracelet 500 lbs of mid
A Gucci wrapped tour bus
Yall hoes follow us
Party pack pills man
Hoes gonna swallow us
Naturally a loner
But love my kid
Mix the soda with the cola
I can buy me a friend
New swag somethin like
Trap House times 10
Ery nigga round me 
Bust heads YA-Dig
Iced out grill 
I can't buy that bullshit
I'm wit some street shit
Like a reverend in the pulpit
They call me Chef-Boy-R.G.
But hold that thought
Its a Kodak Moment
But hold that thought
Hurricane wrist game
Turn that junk off
Hot as piggly wiggly
Cant kermit the frog dog
Like ya boi Rip Ham
I got a real good jay 
1 gram for the 80
Thats some real good play
Got them Vince Carter quartas
Add soda and water
I'm not athletic
But Ima straight balla
The Spud Webb ticket
Wit the lamburg yay
And its jumpin from the free throw
Like MJ
Sees nothin pass by
Like Steve and Pass
Say boy you lightnin fast
On the Utah Jazz
Like Dr. J shorts
My work real tight
You got that Atlanta Hawks yay
It wont get right
Catch me on the rebound
Like Bo Outlaw
Ima Mikey Vick-it whip it
Cook it souf-paw
36 hoes-zos
Tryna make the end zone
Make no hard move
And use my cell phone
Worth scrabblin in the pot
Just like Steve Young
5 for the Keyshawn
7 for the Deion
They call me Chef-Boy-R.G.
But hold that thought
Its a Kodak Moment
But hold that thought
Hurricane wrist game
Turn that junk off
Hot as piggly wiggly
Cant kermit the frog dog
Gucci on fiya 
Like mojo crack pot
Fell ova a joint
Like back like crack rock
Money stupid dumb
Just like Cold Blood
Just Young Hot
I show no luv
Money getta like Cheeba
Minds like Fat
And my trap roll hard
Just like Shawty Black
Ima country ass nigga
Jus like Ace
Gotta fetish for the stones
Jus like Fo' Trey
Money tall like Broah?
Yours like D?
And my patience very short
Just like Courtney C
Angie B lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
she's a very freaky girl girl..
a very freaky girl girl..
Gucci I wanna very freak girl
Now she's a very freaky girl..
Don't bring her to mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer
She's a very freaky girl..
she get it from her mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Gucci let me set the record straight.
Hater you participate.
three girls wit me like I'm going on Elimi-date.
Say you got a man but you man ain't here.
The ice in my ear shine like a shandalere.
Jumpin' out the phantom.
Don't you think I'm handsome.
Watch on my wrist cost more than a mansion.
But you baby daddy ain't icy like the kid be.
Got you baby mama lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
 Is you rollin 
 Bitch I might be 
 Girl he geeked up 
 Bitch I might be 
Yeeaaaaahhh!
East Atlanta slum man is where I come from
Pass that bubble thrax and put this bean on your tongue
Now everything was gravy til your bitch came in
Bout the same time that that thang kicked in
Now she aint really pretty but she got a nice body
Im geeked up thinkin this Buffie The Body
Aint your name lil Trina cause you look like Janet Jackson
Im off three double stacks and I'm lookin for that action
Gucci Mane you stupid man I love the way you flowin
Ridin in my drop but I dont know where I'm goin 
On two eighty five I keep ridin in a circle
The inside of my ride smellin like a pound of purple
Gucci is your time give me five more minutes and a cold orange juice cause I'm really really trippin
Went to the strip club and request that I'm da man
The next thing you know I was throwin rubberbands
Shawty tellin me she aint neva suck no dick
Neva took a pill or neva ate a bitch
You a lie but I aint gonna get upset right now
But I wish I had a lie detector test right now
You say you marry well bitch you might be
But I bet your husband aint Icy like me
She stand on B.C. in my ashy black tee
When dem dope man nikes and dem jore ass jeans
I dont pay her but I still keep that thrax on me
Imma the shit in East Atlanta baby ask about me
Pop one pop two two halves thats three
Aint no waffle house baby hell I cant eat
Gucci hood like your hoodman hes so extreme
Wearin doces in the club cause you kno the boy geeked
Top the top on that thang let you see my seats
We've been rollin rollin rollin we aint slept in weeks
Gucci Mane ? nigga get your mind right
Or a crys by the twelve like a case of budlight
Sell a cush by a bell so you kno might shit tight
See I'm 30 in the morning on a all night flight
Im high like Fabo hood like Shawty
So tell me when to go like my name E-40
A rich rock star nigga I'm gonna party
Got a party pack of pillz thats at least bout 40
Ill pour dem in your hand like a bag of jelly beans
Take two of these pillz call me in the morning
Fifty thousand pillz man I'm so real
Three dollars for a pill thats a damn good deal
Ay wassup Gucci Mane. Why you sweatin so hard? Is you rollin or somethin.
Shit well baby I might be. But got damn what is you doin.
You jockin a playa. You ch-Chewy ova here right.
Look I aint K-Rab baby You know what I mean I'm not a piece of Bubblegum.
What I'm doin is not your business. But matta of fact while you ova here is you a waitress or somethin?
Cause the shit you got on make you look like you a waitress. So do what you do iight.
Imma give you this hundred dollars. Go get you what ever you drankin.
Bring me and click about ten of dem orange juices five crunk juices nd we'll be straight how bout that.
And is you straight is you single or is you marry.
Cause I might be Bitch I might be
Bitch I might be lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Babygirl Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head
Shawtii gotta ass on ha 
Imma put my hands on ha 
Imma spend a couple grand on ha 
Imma pop a rubberband on ha 
Im tryna figure which chick imma see today .
Picked up a young gurl looked like Lisa Ray .
When I seen ha in da club said I gots to get ha 
cuz she look like she might be Trina sista .
Gotta gurl look just like Lauren Hill 
took ha to da crib cuz she kno' wut it is .
Imma bump ha but I cant stand ha daddy do' 
but she got mo' ass than Jackie O' .
Gotta brown skin gurl like Foxy Brown .
Bought a quarter pound just to blow it down .
Tattoos all ova' like Eva or sumthin' .
Long hair but it must be weave or sumthin' .
Gotta spot so I bought ha new furniture 
cuz she pretty in da face like Monica .
I really dig da gurl so I gave a ticket to Gucci World .
Im in da club niggas screamin' who da hill is dat .
Dat gurl wit' dat ass all on da back.
I got dat fire read thong wit' bra to match .
Imma real boss bitch and im hard to catch.
Mac Bre-Z pimpin aint E-Z nigga 
you can leave me cuz I don't really need ya nigga .
I got dat chevy and ya hear me fo'
ya see me nigga cuz my mama sho' da Mack how to treat a nigga.
And imma Top Notch Bitch dat talk shit but I take none .
Hair stay fixed
Jump fresh wit my nails done 
my braclet. My nigga sick so you already kno'
when I step up in da club
I be rockin' stilettos hoe .
Imma jazzy gurl straight classy gurl .
And ya never head a nigga say im nasty gurl .
And ya never meet a gurl dat will shine like me 
cuz im wit da Gucci Mane im SO ICEY.
Dem niggas jealous say you aint got time fo' dat .
All dat shake can a nigga get some fries wit dat
. Too much ass I aint gotta press a high to dat .
Hair blonde fo' a minute til'
she dyed it black. In da club wit ha gurls everybody pretty.
Said she used to dance at Magic City .
Go Gurl 
To da flo' gurl 
Shake it real slow like a pro gurl 
Hit da dro gurl cuz its yo world 
Dance one time den get some mo' gurl 
Gucci in the club two rubberband bites
smokin' bubbagush and da shit just stank .
Six gurls dancin' at da same time 
never seen a hood hoe so damn fine .
Turn around babygurl lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
24's on yo car yous a trap star 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star 
You got ice around ya neck yous a trap star 
Pimpin is the topic 
Money is the object 
Hataz gon' make me pull my gators out the closet 
Tailor made outfit 
Hollerin at a thick chick 
1 hour lata got her messin up her lipstick 
All the best in my clique 
How u hataz hate that? 
Ridin in a mayback 
Headed to the racetrack 
Sippin on konyak 
Big fat dro sack 
Seat layed back 
And actin like I'm all that 
Tell me what you call that? 
Tell me where yo broad at? 
Chillin wit a mack throwback wit a strawhat 
Hataz mean mug me 
Girls wanna hug me 
Everything's lovely 
Tippin on bubbley 
Pull up at the club valet park the car 
Fell of in the club then I bought the bar 
Girls choose me cause ima superstar 
They takin snap shots of my entourage 
24's on yo car yous a trap star 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star 
You got ice around ya neck yous a trap star 
I'm the grind man pine man 
Dro man jive man power man die man dope man coat man snow man slick man trick man trap man hit man big man 
Come and gucci man 
Peal man brick man po' man rich man dub man lick man weed man soft man pimp man boss man stunt man
Killa man fresh man next man better wear a vest man 
Yo boy dough boy 
Brought down to no boy 
Neva been a hoe boy 
Know to rock the show boy 
Dough boy glow boy lover boy pretty boy city boy country boy 
Neva been a monkey boy 
Jack boys crack boys dope boys trap boys 
See me in the clubshawty call me throwback boy 
Black boys black toys eatlin like the fat boys 
Gucci on tha track boy 
How u love dat boy? 
24's on yo car yous a trap star 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star 
You got ice around ya neck yous a trap star 
I'm ridin through the city in a escalade 
It's friday night the J's just got paid 
Left the barber shop wit a real tight fade 
Hit tha car wash let my rims get sprayed 
I'm fresher than fresh 
I'm sharper that sharp 
My rims still spinnin but my car is parked 
It's after dark we left the park 
I gotta blunt of dro rolled up this far 
Everybody know me I'm the a10c ask my boy ZT 
Too hot for radio or mtv tell BET to come and see Gucci 
Im a trap star ghetto celebrity pretty girls wanna get in bed with me 
And these pretty girls wanna give head to me but these pretty girls gotta bring bread to me. 
24's on yo car yous a trap star 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yeah Gucci Gucci Gucci Gucci
Yeah Gucci Gucci Gucci Gucci (So Icy So Icy)
Seytoba baby
I drive real fast baby I don't drive slow
I don't drive slow I don't drive slow
Drop the top on that thang just to let ya hair blow
Let ya hair blow Let ya hair blow
I drive real fast baby I don't drive slow
I don't drive slow I don't drive slow
Drop the top on that thang just to let ya hair blow
Let ya hair blow Let ya hair blow
I drive a sports car bitch Put em Bapes to the gas
If you scared go to church cus I'm finna drive fast
Throwing cash out the brain of a '74 Oldsmo
There no mojo he need to get some mo do 
 Cornerstore Amaco bought a crist to flat show 
Niggas want that wola shawty meet right by Grocian Road 
East side up put them E's in the air
If you smoking Bubba Kush put them trees in the air
I'm smoking on that kush so it's stankin up my car
They call me  cus they know that I'm a star
I told her come here then I didn't say shit
Cus my ice talk for me I don't need no broke bitch
Verse 2 Gucci fish shoes and a purse too
Steala of yo chain turn yo watch to Starburst too
Put them Lemon Heads in yo ears
Put them Fruity Pebbles in yo fingers
Now you're envied by yo peers
And I'ma get yo ass in shape
All that Gucci Louie Chong got yo ass loosin weight
Gucci Mane got you straight huh?
You know he got that cake
Gave it to her first date
I'ma ride down the block like a damn X Pill
Standin tall on them sixes like some damn high heels
I'ma roll down the block like a damn X Pill
Standin tall on them sixes like some damn high heels
Yeah Rose red Mikey's wit Bapes
On some pharaoh shit bitches feedin niggas grapes
I'ma buy some hot wings but I could buy steak
But I'm good wit a trout bitch a model too fake
They toyin on the beat so you know they gone hate
Had that Tony Tiger Kush man that shit smoke great
Got that water bumpin talented I think I can do it
Drop me and yo body fill wit them other fluid
Trappa slash rappa but a full time G
Smokin purp wit my boys bout 2 or 3 P's
I'm a trappa slash rappa but a full time G
Smokin purp wit my boys lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Pull up in the old school with the hubcaps got my black teeones and my skull cap
Stick Em Up
Stick em up
Stick em Up
Stick em Up
Stick em up
Stick em up
Stick em up ye aint know
I aint come to play and I aint come to laugh all I gotta say is nigga put it in da bag
Stick em up
Stick em up
Stick em up
Stick em up
Stick em
Stick em up
Stick em up ye aint know
You know the procedure when u see a heater
Bullets rippin at ya got ya runnin like a cheetah
Rob in my black tee mob in my black V
Robbed the weed man cuz the nigga tried to tax me
Ye aint gotta ask metell me where the stacks be
Hittin big licks got me ballin like an athelete
Used to take starter coats moved up to bigger dope
Down for a kick do'  just to make my wrist glow
Steal from the rich but I hang with the po' folk
Ball till ya fall but dont ball til ya go broke
Gucci mane la chat we in and out the trap fast
Leaving out yo house 30 birds in my bookbag
Ok..Check that bitch that wake up early in the morning looking for a victim
The first nigga look like dolla's tryna holla I'm gone get em
I got no time for relationships I'm out to get that cheese
Even if I have to kill u bitch my son I got to feed
Im at the mall I'm poppin tags with shopping bags so style
I found a duck that I can pluck that nigga that asked me out
Whoa hold up my nigga u must dont know I gotta get ya
You told yo boy I got a big ass but boy my nine is bigga
Im waitin on him to pull up at the spot I see he clean
That boy sittin on them things a iced out chain and big ass rings
He said lets go to the movies I told him lets go to the room
This nigga think he really got a freak but mine is do the fool
We get to the room I let him rubi let him get a lil touch
I told him hold up stop let me go to the bathroom freshen up
I went out the bathroom window met with Gucci glock in purse
Kicked in the do' shot him in his head took his cheese and left him murked..Im that Bitch!
They say that I'ma cut throat gucci never cut coke
Yea I'ma jack boy known to run a drug sto'
Hang wit the thug boys nicknamed the goon squad
First you gotta sign up then ya get your goon card
Niggas scared to fuck wit me dont wanna serve me
Shop wit ya wednesday take from ya thursday
Splurge wit my comrads gucci mane I'm hood rich
Nigga kill for ya if u just buy him a outfit
Think like a mob boss move like warranty
Got a half a mill safe just to keep the bills paid
Burn em with a hot fork taser on his nutsacks
I aint come to play lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gucci Mane Big Cat
Growing up was real hard on my block
Cops and robbers I was never the cop
To be the cop was considered a joke
I'm the same little' nigga that taught your brother to smoke
But now-a-days man I stay on the news
My every move is up on the tube
Whoever said being a gangsta was easy
I got beef with BMF and I got problems with Jeezy
To be a gangsta is a full time job
A bad a boy but I ain't Black Rob
The pays good but the hours are crazy
You disrespect me I'm gonna see ya degraded
I'm never scared but I'm thinkin ahead
because they don't bury the scared man they bury the dead
I'm ex-con but I'm out on bond
Wave bye to the bad guys Teflon Dons
Got my name in the paper and my face in the news
Gucci Mane Lil'flare
Everybody Everybody know me
Everybody know me nigga
Gucci mane Lil'flare I'm a real OG  
Take it to the street nigga lets go there
There ain't nothing 'tween us pussy nigga but air
But you better prepare 'fore you fuck with the flare
I'll have you role round frickin up with the chair
See I don't fight fair na I don't fight fair
Gucci Mane'll put that ass in intensive care
Matter of fact if ya see me fight a grizzly bear I suggest you help the fucking grizzly bear
Tha ain't no pussies ova here na it's just Jeez
There ain't no time for no talk nigga cock it and squeeze
Got these ho type ass niggas weak at the knees
Shoot two twenty-threes they'll chop down trees
Gucci Mane outta jail man what I'm gonna do now
That Jeezy Little bitch ass thinkin out loud 
You mother fuckers must don't know who they mess wit
I'm that outlaw wild wild west shit
I'm on that two clipse AK and a vest shit
You motherfuckers must don't know who you fucking with
I'm not a kid Gucci Mane full grown
So bring the choppers leave the nines at home
And call the coppers cause I'm aiming for domes
I have ya call full backup on the phone
The franchise but Gucci Mane ain't wearing no white tee
The niggas hate the fact that niggas so icy
but fuck that lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Black Magic Young Snead)
Yeah! It's ya boy Black Magic
My nigga Young Snead let's go
Ay man I walk like a soldier talk like a soldier
Since I moved to the South my slang got colder
Walk got pimper cane with the limper
Treat my bitch right always lobster and shrimp her
Flatbush Ave I'm the number one contender
Simpson Road fashion poppin wheelies on the Ninja
Whip game hot flow cold like the winter
Ball hard if niggaz got blocks like a center
Time for me to switch it up bigger car bigger truck
Got the new house and that too was big as fuck
And this a must that you see me blow
Lil' nigga hold the weight like my CEO
Now it's back to the business we eat sleep and shit this
Take this shoot him and any fuckin witness
Always on some pimp shit never on some simp shit
At Big Cat Records nigga e'ryday is Christmas
We eat we sleep we shit this
Big whips big chips we live this
Smoke kush pop Crist' fuck bitches
Us young niggaz out there handle our business
We eat we sleep we shit this
Big whips big chips we live this
Smoke kush pop Crist' fuck bitches
And send them goons if them goons on our shitlist
Guess what I heard? Gucci Mane back
Guess what I heard? Man he reppin Big Cat
Guess what I heard? Young Snead on some other shit
Tell them fuck niggaz they can miss us with that sucker shit
I'm addicted to the trap down with Big Cat
and you know he got a strap why you wanna try me?
And you know I gotta scrap you a country boy
so you know I gotta trap 
Cop the fruity watch just to hurt the haters' faces
Big Cat chain with the Big Cat bracelet
Big Cat bracelet with the Big Cat bracelet
Countin twenty mill' in the Big Cat basement
I heard I heard word on the street
Gucci fell down now he back on his feet
Anti-social he don't really socialize
What'cha call that? I call it street certified~!
A hundred thou' sold no lie
So call the fire truck cause Gucci on fire
And he pulled up in a 'rrari
And if he hurt your feelings when he did then he sorry!
I'm a certified pimp shawty never seen me cake a hoe
Bad bitch one night next day another hoe
A young'un with a bankroll listen what I date 'em fo'?
Benefits and everythang that I can go and break 'em fo'
We eat we sleep we shit this
Smoke kush pop Crist' real pimp shit
Big chains big whips on 6's
I got money on my mind so fuck bitches
I'm in the Coupe with the top back Lamborghini do's on it
Had to do it B-I-G so I throwed the 4's on it
Tote a fo'-fo' so the kid scream 'Fuck a hater!'
All black long part somethin like The Terminator
Call me the exterminator sprayin like the Orkin man
You don't want no part of that we deeper than a marching band
We trap we slang lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Alley cats hoes mane
Strictly entertainment 
For all my street bitches out there 
Real spit 
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
Straight from the block baby keep her hair fixed
On the low dog she a alley ass bitch
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat 
Four bed rooms with four bad kids 
But the girl so pretty and her ass so big 
Dancin at the strip joint guess what I did 
Made it rain on her fo' head told her go head 
Break bread if you got it if you don't just watch me 
A red stop sign in the road couldn't stop me 
Alley ass girl bitch yo ass outrageous 
Goodness gracious get butt naked 
20 thousand ones baby just to have fun 
Got a half-a-mill saved in case I have to post bond 
You a alley ass hoe Why you talkin so loud 
Ol' Alley ass bitch with a gold grill smile 
Tattoo's shawty got alot of piercings 
And she rollin on a pill feelin like I'm feelin 
You a alley cat shawty I won't pay you no mind 
Put ya number in my phone cause yo ass so fine 
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
Straight from the block baby keep her hair fixed
On the low dog she a alley ass bitch
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat 
Shawty thick like grits real talk real spit 
If you lookin for a alley bitch that's what you gon get 
Alley girls got money  Alley girls got plugs 
Alley girls smoke weed  Alley girls sell drugs 
Shawty at it like a mutherfucker just like me 
Credit card scammin hoe runnin from the police 
You a eastern alley hoe I was down in south beach 
Seen a big thick bitch with alot of gold teeth 
Had platinum 21 listen bentley car keys 
It's impossible to steal I ain't stuntin car thieves 
Shawty real real alley keep it real real street 
Suck dick eat pussy she a real real freak 
I'm a keep it dawg I won't bite my toungue 
East Atlanta zone 6 where them alley hoes from 
Like T-Pain mane all these alley hoes sprung 
Gucci Mane performin live all the alley come 
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
Straight from the block baby keep her hair fixed
On the low dog she a alley ass bitch
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ya boy Gucci Mane speaking
Yeah I'm home just touchdown
I'ma dressing all these blow pops out there yeah
Uh blow pop that's uh straight up busta
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I'm looking at the world through my ice out gaze
Yuh couldn't walk uh mile in ma brand new J's
If yuh know wut I mean
I keep court side seats like I play fo' the team
I'm killin' maself
Hold ma dick wen I rap 'cause I'm feelin' maself
Real talk yuh's uh blow pop
Get outta jail na ya whole show stop
Yuh's uh blow pop homie
I'm independent ballin' major yuh get no pops homie
6 months plus uh bitch stop
And I ain't got time to be fucking with no blow pop
Uh blow pop that's uh straight up busta
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
They hatin' on Gucci Mane that's uh blow pop move
Yuh gotta wear 20's just to fill ma shoes
See I ain't fuckin' with blow pops
Yuh let uh niqqa click and na yuh stuck with uh blow pop
Yuh thought yuh wuz uh
G yuh turned out to uh blow pop
Yuh bought uh
CD na yuh noe yuhs uh blow pop
So blow pops try to kill me
Somebody set me up so tell me how am I guilty?
But I don't need no one else
'cause anytime I get in beef
I just call maself 'cause yuhs uh blow pop
Uh blow pop that's uh straight up busta
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
Big cat records played wut will da blood clock
Gucci on da mike talkin' 'bout all these blow pops
Man they softer than backpack
150 grand fo ya chain can yuh match that?
Man yuh straight up bacon
And if I see yuh in the streets prolli spit in ya face
The rap game so sleazy
They try to knock me off but aye it ain't that easy
The blow pops I wanna blow up
Mad 'cause ma watch cost da same as uh Porsche truck
Got lock tryin' to hold hawk
But that's wut I get man fo' fuckin' with blow pops
Uh blow pop lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
It's the king of the trap nigga 
It's the king of the trap lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gucci Mane in the buildng 
Laflare entertainment 
Zaytoven on the track 
That nigga Dest in the buildin 
Bad Boy in this motherfucker 
Big Cat in this motherfucker 
Is Laflare in this motherfucker? 
Yuh
I got your budget on my neck your deal on my wrist
Your whole entire life savings on my pinky nigga
Bling bling bling bling 
Bling bling bling bling 
See I'm smokin on some bubba kush come from California
Funky like yo' daddy feet is stankin like ammonia
Now I got his plug with this {?} in Arizona
When I touch Atlanta they gon' tell my telephoner
Trap niggaz rap niggaz wish they could clone us
Icy cause I dig blue blue big bails of marijuana
Trappin has advanced from just standin on the cornah
Violators haters will be turned to organ donors
Chillin in the V.I. sippin on Corona
I'ma get some head with this this bitch like this Patrona
Stop playing games girl cause I don't condone 'em
If you want some work don't come before like it's a zoner
Fifteen inches but my rims they some grown-ups
Sucker for a minute now a nigga has done blow up
Check my BDM's look at my spins daily goin up
Check check my spins daily goin up
Check I'm out the Folia foolin with that Scorpion
It's mess when that bad chick stride off the rodeo
Smokin on the fire got desire do the holy crescent
If you ain't poppin no bottles right now 
I'm the freshest from dirty Westside rollin close to {?}
From the alley habits might die from a overdose
On a mission my vision clouded by the paper
Crooked took it cut it shave it with the razor
Even miss my bread and butter I ain't gettin offended
Run it not in my budget I ain't got to share it
Who's your man? Like it love it not to want to play it
{?} on them thugs money on the table
Who who play in the club? You fuckin with the mayor
I'll be damned fresh in the mud put you on the payroll
What'chu want? Say what you want it's all about me
We get high and run in the hood you fall around me
Big Tank Big Cat
Let's get it in nigga
Uhh
I show you how to do this here keep a light bluish ear
Sixty on them frightening so you don't excite me
Haters don't like me and I don't like you either
You mad cause I'm stacked up and you underachiever
You see the plat' Amex you still fuck with Visas
Vietnam Cakalak niggaz throw the V's up
Nigga roll the trees up what the fuck you waitin on?
We talkin 'bout this money so go on make a hatin song
Gucci's on my feet but my jeans look like dollar signs
'cicles on my teeth so I'm talkin money all the time
G's I'ma follow mine you don't want no part of mine
Chopper in the back'll have you leapin like Impala signs
Big Tank Big Cat nigga what you know about it?
Sittin in the booth and they told me bring the flow up out it
Go getter fo' sho' about it lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yeah that boy Gucci
Got my nigga block in this bitch
East Atlanta's finest 
E.C.T South!
Early in the morning Nigga Imma be up
Imma be up Imma be up;
Call Block or Gucci Mane when it's time to re-up 
It's time to re-up It's time to re-up;
7:30 in the morning Nigga we gon' be up 
We gon' be up we gon' be up;
Call Block or Gucci Mane when it's time to re-up
It's time to re-up it's time to re-up;
Boys what it do?
Nigga getcha g's up
Dope man bitch!
Call me Mr.Re-Up
The kitchen smells like fish the fish scale dog
1000 Grams at a time on the Digiscale ow!
.45 Mac
Rubber band stacks
Spent a ? a mill wit Papi watch how fast I get it back
The dope boys love me
Taught'em how to cook
You whip it real hard cold water let it drop
The dope man bitch!
Sold bricks sold rocks
100 thousand dollars fell like I shot a cop
The dope man bitch!
Sold grams sold white
Cook the work 10 minutes 
Fiends gave me 5 pipes
New York nigga's love how I work that turn pipe
Got Micheal Jackson yay 
Powder 10 but it cook white
I don't get nervous when I ride them highways 
Dope man bitch!
Everyday is my birthday!
I got the city on lock!
Have you ever seen a ? million dollars in a Nike shoe box?
I can show you how to trap!
100 grand worth of cap
And I pray that my phone ain't tapped!
Nigga buy for the smell of it
Bought a hard top 6 and I sat it on spree's for the hell of it
7 on the dot!
Got some cain and its jumping out the pot!
I'm in the game so I give it all I got
To a million dollar spot
I got a rainbow Range same color as lean
Wit the matching rims on it man that bitch so clean
Gotta skittle Drop Jag and a fruity Chevelle
If I drop the top back bubble kush you gon' smell
Every flip I cop another whip
Every trap I cop another chain
Every play I cop another tool
What these nigga's know bout Gucci Mane?
Notta damn thang!
I'm icy something like a polar bear
When your girl give me brain better hold her hair
100 Grand in the bag just to make you stare
Re-up wit the man
Gucci Mane Lil'Flap 
Go with our rental cars
Used to serve hard to Mountain Park;
Now I stand behind the burglar bars
Say Lil'Breeze best smoke ya gars;
I'm the hustler of the century 
When you think of money mention me
I said my buddy get it to the key
From Arkansas to Tennessee
Every Brick Pill. And every 
Some how it doesn't come from me
I'm on T.V gettin interviewed
Still got them thangs in the intertubes
8 grand for the good purp
A t-shirt under my t-shirt
Aye lock it up lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Big Cat Magic)
Aiyyo make sure you get the backwood off the puff my nigga
I ain't gon' lie [BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ]
That shit was some good weed nigga why you bullshittin?
 I need me some more of that
 Magic! 
'Bout to go holla at the big boy man
Just came home fresh seems proper feel me? {Yup}
Stay right here I gotta holla at him y'know?
Just some one-on-one shit chill out
{Ah al-alright alright alright yeah yeah yo}
Big boy what's good?
(Yo Magic whassup dawg? I ain't seen you in a minute)
Ain't shit man y'know
Been out here in the street 
You see I ain't dead y'knahmean or in Hell y'know?
(What's been goin on man I've been gone for minute what's poppin?)
You know we've been hittin the streets hard man
Y'know I I been hearin a lot of bullshit
But y'know I laugh at bullshit y'know
(We ain't gon worry 'bout that shit right now y'knahmsayin?)
Cheah hold up hold up hold up I got'chu man
Now that you see what we worth [drops bag on table unzips it]
 Courtesy of Coochie Man and Atlantic Records
(Ohh man OOH shit~! Ain't seen this many hundreds in a...)
 (Boy that's what I'm talkin about baby)
That's right 
Yeah man y'know that's for you man 
That's better than a visit man 
(Good lookin dawg good lookin)
Know you was wonderin why I ain't come see you man
But you know I couldn't come see you caged up
 Yes sir yes sir
(It's too many bodies poppin up too many niggaz talkin)
(We gon' fly under the radar right now and fuck with this music shit)
(Y'knahmsayin? That's where the real money at y'knahmsayin)
I feel you my nigga I I heard it was money there y'know?
I seen niggaz gettin money in there y'knahmsayin?
I need some of that 
(Just don't forget motherfuckin Coochie Mane)
(He dissin the motherfuckin family or tryin to.. do what he doin?)
(We ain't worryin about him lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
she's a very freaky girl girl..
a very freaky girl girl..
Gucci I wanna very freak girl
Now she's a very freaky girl..
Don't bring her to mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer
She's a very freaky girl..
she get it from her mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Gucci let me set the record straight.
Hater you participate.
three girls wit me like I'm going on Elimi-date.
Say you got a man but you man ain't here.
The ice in my ear shine like a shandalere.
Jumpin' out the phantom.
Don't you think I'm handsome.
Watch on my wrist cost more than a mansion.
But you baby daddy ain't icy like the kid be.
Got you baby mama lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Khia Young Snead)
Geah! Gucci Mane in the house
Gucci Mane Laflare
Big Cat in the building so watch yo' mouth
So watch yo' mouth - tell me what they do?
 Shawty what you doin?
Shawty what? Throw it up
Tell me what they do? 
What they do? What they do?
They get drunk and they get loose
Mix that Goose with Absolute
Then they turn to prostitutes
Thug Misses and I'm lookin for a Thug Mister
Big spender break bread like a real mister
Drop low to your knees boy whistle on it
Then put that wood on me cut me like you paid for it
It's on you let me know if you really want it
You on Goose so I know you gon' get loose
Pop a pill do what you been wantin to do
Then make it rain like a motherfuckin hurricane
I hate lames if you want it you gotta suck on it
Get it right if you want it you gotta bid on it
Real thick and my sugar got gold on it
Spend on it make a chick put her friend on it
Good neck good back ohh yeah I want it!!
Slide on it make a chick wanna ride on it
Hair on it mean the nigga ain't scared of it
Thug Misses Gucci Mane and you still want it
Tell me what they do?
For about a hundred dollars she'll let you come through
Two hundred dollars take her clothes off too
Three hundred she'll be all on you
For the fo' give a blowjob 'til she turn blue
Five hundred dollars she'll eat a girl too
Drop the whole stack she'll do the whole crew
Hoes get loose when they drink Grey Goose
Seee the Coupe on rims with the big sunroof
You can bring your friend and your homegirl too
Damn what you heard baby girl it ain't true
I don't like her girl I really like you
Cause she already told me what she wan' do
Love it when you fresh and you wear perfume
Everybody stare when I walk in the room
Chain frostbit like a New Year's Eve
But the watch on fire like the first day of June
Let me show you what a real boss chick do
Make you feel real special when I'm on you
Slide low lay back and enjoy the ride
Super wet stay gushin on the inside
Water flowin like a stream call me Aquafina
A real bad mamma jammer love it when you beat it
Stay fresh stay tight pumpin all night
I got that comeback strokin on it just right
Guys we can play hard if you want to
Act like you don't want it when you know you do
It's real simple use your lips then use your chin
Tip that pole back baby sip on all the milk
Fruity Pebbles lips tastin like Fruit Loops
Lovin what you do when you gone on the Goose
You love it what I'm doin when I'm gone on the Goose
You gettin crunk and loose lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yeah Money Makin' Records man
T know Laflare Entertainment
True what's happening?
Yeah I call'em true cause they know they the truth dawg
That boy Gucci
Yeah we make them hoes say
Yo trap don't boom like mine
Yo paper ain't longer than mine than mine
Aw man 
Yo bitch ain't finna than mine than mine
Yo rims ain't talla than mine than mine
Aw man 
You never seen a thug like this aw man
I'm choppin down them bricks tryin to wipe Jackie Chan
My money come fast my work come in grams
My soldiers keep straps like they work for Uncle Sam
My chain like ugh my wrist like damn!
I show up at the jewler with a hundred thousand cash
Drop top Porsche inside DAMN
Outside red lookin like a Coke can
I keep a pretty brown round and young yellow
I gotta butta pecan Rican and a French vanilla
My trap boom hard my bitch real fine
Poppi on the way we call it crunch time
I'ma lean with it serve a fiend with it
On the block since the age of thirteen with it
In the kitchen water whippin a thousand eight grams
I'm standin over the stove and I'm doin it with one hand
Aw man fruit man Toucan sam two hundred and seven gram
Got yam a long Lamb' I'm sellin that grown man
Aw man I'm on that Kush tonight
And I ain't stoppin chopper hit'chu and your body start rockin
My chain got pneumonia watch got the bird flu
Came to the club smellin like a pound of purple
Big Cat ruckus nigga it's a movement
This aint hip-hop this is drug dealer music
I trap hard nigga stunt hard nigga
E'ry bitch in the club jock a young nigga
Fo'-five Big Cat representa nigga
Them twenty-eights sittin high I'm a giant nigga
Blowin kush muh'fucker lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Big Cat Magic)
You know I fucks wit'chu right? (No doubt no doubt)
You gotta show you down for the cause 
Turn down the music let me holla at this nigga
Wha 'gwan Magic? 
Talk to me then now
Twenty-five percent? Go suck ya mudda!
(Well since it's like that you gon' be the example)
(Dada burn this nigga)
Whatta now you amma.. 
 [laughter lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Black Magic Maceo Young Snead)
Big Cat Laflare 
Gucci Mane Laflare 
We will be be respected 
See we can get it poppin 
See we can get it poppin 
Cause I went choppa shoppin 
Cause I went choppa shoppin 
You niggaz not a army cause you ain't hard enough
You nothin like a boss cause y'all ain't smart enough
See we can get it poppin  cause I went choppa shoppin 
I keep one in the chamber  so I ain't gotta cock it 
You gets no respect  I mean none at all 
I'm in the junk yard  runnin body parts 
Roll another blunt  Magic another blunt 
It might look gravy  but this ain't what'cha want
My money on the rise  yo' money standin still 
On fire with the tools  better with the steel 
Fuck with my nigga Cat  nigga watch your mouth 
Cause any disrespect  I'll be at'ch house 
Done take your bitch  - fuck her too
I thought we was cool but youse a sucker too
See we can shoot it out  or we can duke it out 
But all that Hollywood shit I can do without 
I roll with drug dealers  body snatchers 
Cap peelers  and kidnappers 
Murderers  and burglarers 
Mercinaries  you ain't never scary 
I be locked down in jail eatin commisary
Have yo' body cold like the month of February
Gucci Mane bitch Big Cat ruckus
You ain't gotta like us but you must respect us
Uhh...
Ay it's a movement it 'bout to be some changes
We will be respected what the fuck y'all niggaz thankin? 
We squaded up camouflaged down ragged up
We can get it poppin got ther choppers in the stash box 
With Magic on the scene  niggaz gettin shook 
We knock 'em down first round and we ain't usin' hooks 
I'm from the streets so you know I think the same way
And plus my gun don't shoot water down dawg naan day
You need bricks nigga? Me and Gucci got it 
One call and Young Snead'll have them toolies poppin
You could be from the North  or from the South 
I don't discriminate I'm shootin if your run your mouth
We ridin speed boats  and they full of coke 
The word is out - we supply the whole East coast
Lemonhead chains  lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
It's the bad guys
Say hello to the bad guys!
Big Cat Records Gucci Black Magic
We the bad guys and we play for the bad team
We hauntin ya life like you just had a bad dream
The bad guys...
Just don't get on our bad side
I fucks with the AR I fucks with the AK
You fuckin with Gucci you gon' have a bad day
They say I'm a mad guy they call me the bad guy
I tell ya like this just don't get on my bad side
I come with that skreet shit in love with this beef shit
My diamonds ocean blue so they might get ya seasick
I fuck with the Glock 40 {?} shotty
Plus when I aim then I aim for the upper body
Ain't with that hoe shit I'm smokin that 'dro shit
You come with some mo' shit you gon' get your throat slit
Yeah this is that G shit we call it a classic
I have my nigga Magic put that ass in a casket
And that there is real talk you best have a fast walk
Or else yo' bitch ass might get lined in the white chalk
Fuck what you thank nigga fuck what you thought nigga
Wired for jaw so yo' ass can't talk nigga
Is you a man nigga? Is you a mouse nigga?
Have yo' bitch ass scared to come out the house nigga
Gucci fear no man so who is this Snowman?
The word on the low is he really a hoe man
Bitch stick to that trap shit and stick to that rap shit
You say you a gangster but you never clapped shit
If you wanna find me take I-20 Flat Shoals
Let's see if you can take this broomstick up your asshole
Always gon' stand ground never gon' back down
I'm puttin my mack down I'm layin the smack down
See Gucci's a skreet nigga I stay on that skreet shit
And I'm the wrong nigga that ya clique wanna beef with
I keep the 9 close like the bitch that you sleep with
And I'll bust a head but can you keep a secret?
I'm smokin that kushie you niggaz is pussy
I never been a killer but you pussies done pushed me
Now this the bad guy song they put the bad guys on it
So listen when you hear the two bad guys talkin
I shoot straight move weight always in a new state
Always givin fake names cars got paper plates
The bad guy say hello to my little friend 
My lil' friend got a hundred other lil' friends
Now we the bad team it's more than a bad dream
Gucci and Black Magic now that's a bad scene
Carbon 15's comin out AK's comin out
I'ma run the North Gucci run the South
Independent but we ballin like majors
Them fruity ones got 'em all flavors
I'm fuckin with real niggaz and players killers and cutthroats
And when I get a order homey somebody gettin smoked
I'm no joke catch the kid cookin up coke
I got a blunt full of bubba kush lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Big Tank Mac Bre-Z)
Geah! Gucci Mane is in the buildin
So Icy Entertainment Zaytoven on the track
When we come to the club
We got the choppers on deck and the yoppers on deck
 Is you rollin? 
 Bitch I might be 
 Girl he geeked up 
 Bitch I might be 
 Yaaaaahhh!
Game choppin like my rims I'm choppin it up
'Til my 'caine gold like a pimp I'm fresh as a bud
Plus I'm blowin on the sticky green so I'm dro'ed up
And I'm rollin on the bean so the city SLOWED UP~!
My team showed up so you know we need a party pack
Callin Momma Stash say she wanna be a part of that
Tell her I'm for real and I keep a knot folded back
The next thang you know she tossin pills like a quarterback
Guc' I'ma throw it back stacks I just showed you that
Deuces on the 88 they say I brought the roller back
Fifty for a dollar hell yeah I can roll with that
Take it to the hood and let Yatta get ahold of that
Got to be the coldest cat ice froze the thermostats
Shawty had a Cali tat and Gucci called the Alley Cat
Shot a couple triple stacks and po'd up the iced tea
Slide on my stunna shades; geeked up? I might be
Said I'm higher than a kite and me geeked up on these pills
Suave Stacks got me actin out I know that she can tell
that I'm rollin  like the wheels on a bus
I need a cold Tropicana cause my heart about to bust
Look I'm sweatin like a dog and she askin for some mo'
Gave her couple of blue dolphins and I tell her to go raw
Bright lights lookin psychadelic I'm off in the zone
Feelin strong like Superman bitch I bust your dome
Said I'm smokin all the purple and drinkin all the 'gnac up
And I ain't feelin none of that until the next mornin bruh
My stomach fucked up a couple holes in my brain
But I party like a rockstar these bitches askin mane!
Gucci Mane Laflare nigga get'cha mind right
Order Crist' by the 12 like a case of Bud Light
Sell kush by the bell so you know my shit tight
7:30 in the mornin on an all night flight
I'm high like Fabo hood like Shawty
So  like my name E-40
A rich rock star nigga I'm gon' party
Got a party pack of pills that's at least 'bout 40
I'll pour 'em in yo' hand like a bag of jelly beans
Take two of these pills call me in the morning
Fifty thousand pills man I'm so real
Three dollars for a pill that's a damn good deal
Ay whassup Gucci Mane!
Why you sweatin so hard?
Is you rollin or somethin?
Shit well baby I might be
But got damn what is you doin?
You jockin a playa you chew-chewy over here right
Look I aint K-Rab baby knahmean I'm not a piece of bubblegum
What I'm doin is not your business
But matter of fact while you over here is you a waitress or somethin?
Cause the shit you got on make you look like you a waitress
So do what you do aight I'ma give you this hundred dollars
Go get you whatever you drankin
Bring me and my clique about ten of them orange juices
five Crunk juices and we'll be straight how 'bout that
And is you straight is you single or is you married?
Cause I might be bitch I might be
Bitch I might be lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
When I see my plug this how I talk to em
And when I serve my folks this how I talk to em
When I'm with my dawgs this how I talk to em
It's gucci mane la flar I'm finna talk to em
My guala my partna mota manana? gracias denada brought me years of dollars
Que pasa amigo? coca mudo necho cohina mucho es grande on the repo
Ese el pablo my barrio your barrio I'm ese my friende you speak real good engles
600 wednesday 5000 tuesday el nombre es gucci no punta no pussy
Ronas and kushi kilos and elbows chito seritas they come from mexico
There he go 20 tacos got me 50 burritos s 550 mercedes on flat shoals que pasa manana
My guala guala my partna partna love to treat a nigga to a stingin lobsta now a nigga owe him a million dollars
Got me making 10 g's an hour moneys power time is money you don't know the nigga then serve the dummy
Serve the junkies then ride ashantis
What's the bombaglats my trap-spot dreadlocks and rastas rude boys and rude girls
Jamaican mobsters I shot the sheriff smoking bob marley all of this ecstacy is killing me softly
Turgo and curry mid grade so pretty this spots my x spot can't dodge the red dot smoking the lala
Can't get no higher where is me iya? she sends me fire where is me lighter look at me ice-uh
Step up your neckpiece I like your wife-uh I pack a rifle I love me life-uh
Put up your hands before I put up my rifle.
What's up nigga wut it do I'm good my nigga how are you half a chicken whole chicken quarter chicken
What it move? Bentley coupe on bentley shoes hell na them ain't 22's still keep coke in inner tubes
Plotting on my next buissness move 26 inch tennis shoes old school paint it maserati blue
Brought my gun but forgot my roof pulling up with your baby boo ooh ooh it's you know who
It's nascar baby what you gonna do looking for something thick I can screw paint change
And my diamonds too trap nigga watch reminding you my grill and ring be blinding you
If you a stubborn artist I'm signing you I'm still the same nigga that be shining too
Trap nigga watch reminding you my grill and ring be blinding you
If you a stubborn artist I'm signing you lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Eight for them O's and a dollar for them balls
Eight throwin stove and some water in a pot
Wait until it's cold then watch it harden on the spot
Straight out the do' and put that product on the block nigga
I'm fin' to bounce back up out this 20 flat
We got cook up we got powder nigga you want that?
I got a fish scale I burn that white back
Don't need a glass man I bring that blast back
Niggaz cain't wait 'til I hit the hood and cook it
If you wanna learn fuck nigga start lookin
I knock 'em out solid shot in a circle
Sell a quarter brick then I cop a ounce of purple
Then the O's for..
We got eight for the O's and a dollar for them balls
Soon as I finish my ball might hit the mall
Got stacks on deck and they ten feet tall
 Man y'all money too small
Pyrex check baking soda check
Then you put that fish scale in that water next
Twelve by twelves nigga hit your front steps
Serve e'ry fuckin fiend 'til there's nothin left
I charge eight for the O's seventeen for a thirty-six
Nine for a half fifty-five for a quarter brick
Traphouse crackhouse lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Whassup my dude? Shit (Oh whassup man what's goin on?)
Ain't shit man chillin man 
Everything lovely man what's goin on?
(Nuttin too much sittin here runnin over these numbers man)
Word how things lookin?
Boy it's lookin real sweet 
We sold like half a million records on Gucci man
(Word? Okay okay) Lookin real good
Ay look the digital we already at about 750000
 Ringtones we're about 250000
 Let me back up
We sold this nigga to Atlantic for $800000
(Shit $800000 nigga just to sign the nigga)
We sold the nigga! For $800000
Well that's another $250000
Man don't even worry about that
(Nigga called me a snitch dog what kind of shit is that?)
What? 
Man you already know man
Man look look at these numbers
See these numbers? That man we cakin off
You gotta look at what we doin 
Knahmsayin? 
Don't even worry about that my dog
Go out there matter fact go buy you a new whip
(Nah I got a better idea)
 On Gucci on Gucci Mane? 'Preciate it
Yeah dog don't even worry about that
AND.. Taree talkin 'bout he tryin to give us
$700000 for some old shit 
Independent we don't get mad we get money
 Aight? 
(But hey any of them niggaz try to come)
Hmm (Just tell 'em chill y'knsahmsayin?) Cool
(Y'know lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Lil' Kim Ludacris)
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
She's a very freaky gurl
She get it from her momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Gucci cant ding a ling bet I make your back hurt
bet I make your cat squirt Bet I make your neck jerk
Call lil kim told her better wear a tight skirt
bet i know your tight work bet I make ya cum first
Gucci mane yeah bet we make a sex tape
flood it on the internet put it on my myspace
Gucci got a big stick make ya sing my ad libs yeah
but you gotta be a queen bitch Gucci
So icy trap star fuck her like a porn star
first my H2 then i fucked her in her own car
face down ass up imma make her love me
probably dont love me but let her suck and fuck me
gucci wanna sex ya tell me is ya itched it
probably coulda hit it dawg I aint even hit it yet
fuck the 20 minutes dawg i aint even nutted yet
now she braggin on me dawg i aint even stuntin it
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl 
Ohh...
You want a freaky gurl?
Welcome to Kim's World
You ain't gon' wanna leave
Just like a kid at DisneyWorld
My deep throat'll have you squirtin' like a watergun
Coochie overflowin' like somebody let the faucet run
Bust one nut I ain't done
I got more cum'
Friends? Tell' em all to come
We gon' have some mo' fun
Yeaaaah...
Chew on me like some bubblegum
I'll lick you like a lollipop
Once you taste my honeybun
It's our lil' secret
Just like my underwear
You know pain is pleasure
Can you make me shed a tear?
Smack my ass grab my neck
Got 'em cummin' everywhere
I'mma freak so I don't care
Just don't get none in my hair
Now he callin' me wifey
And he wanna introduce me
Takin' me on shoppin' sprees
He wanna buy me Gucci
Zoomin' like a blue sea
On the back of his Suzuki
And I ain't even sex 'em
All I did was let him eat my Coochie hahaha ok its gucci
yea lil kim
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
I got sum brain n the front seat of the hummer
and if u can make it rain then ludacris can make it thunder
I ain't messin with these lames but it seem I make them wonder
How I came and took the game 4 the past 7 summers
Now yo woman wanna get it from the front from the back
and if she with it I'm a hit it from the side
Give her what she want in the lac cause she a freak gurl and I can see it in her eyes
She can go tit for tat it's so good that I made her wanna cry
A little bit of this little that 4 2 piece biscuit and sum fries
Straight from churches ya boyfriends worthless
Cause luda go deep while he barely scratch the surface
She itching for a scratch like she dj jc
if u looking fo ya match Bitch come and find me
I be in the A town I ain't that hard to find
Put ya legs up in the air and see the DTP sign
If ya wanna meet my mama that's a thing I won't do
U say muthafuck me nah muthafuck you kno why
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Them niggaz is gangsters them niggaz is Shady
Them niggaz got screws loose them niggaz is crazy
Walk around with they boots loose tuckin 380's
Standin in the trap screamin fuck you pay me
Nigga I'm one-seven-five wet movin like Deebo
Boxcutter like a nigga work at Home Depot
Rep for my people a big Desert Eagle
Shootin at your bucket like a Marbury free throw
Bitches get nothin zilch I mean zero
Tommy gun sprayed at them niggaz playin hero
Niggaz in the hood don't peep through no peephole
Cameras and motion scanners try to creep hoe
Most of us iced out some don't even rock jewels
They in the club for a purpose and that's to bang the tool
Street smart I'm far from that college dude
Love gettin good brains bitches give me knowledge fool
It don't take much a little weed and the dutch
Couple sips of that Remy now she wanna fuck
Hoes see a nigga chain swingin wanna touch
Rocks used to be cubed up now my shit is crushed
My pack came in I want seventeen-five for 'em
Bricks go down when you get more than five on 'em
Packin down to eight I was holdin that 'tel down
2006 and now we're breakin them bells down
Gucci you the shit least that what they told me
Catch me in the 6 a nigga right where the show be
I fronted you a nine so five what you owe me
If you don't pay me then it's back to the old me
Cocallina same color the snow be
Haters get found in the Okefenokee
You trap that's cool I trap to school
I'm trappin boo but I'm rappin too
Not a role model hit that purp'
I'm not a role model little shorty hittin up turf
I'm not a role model lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Lil' Kim Ludacris)
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
She's a very freaky gurl
She get it from her momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Gucci cant ding a ling bet I make your back hurt
bet I make your cat squirt Bet I make your neck jerk
Call lil kim told her better wear a tight skirt
bet i know your tight work bet I make ya cum first
Gucci mane yeah bet we make a sex tape
flood it on the internet put it on my myspace
Gucci got a big stick make ya sing my ad libs yeah
but you gotta be a queen bitch Gucci
So icy trap star fuck her like a porn star
first my H2 then i fucked her in her own car
face down ass up imma make her love me
probably dont love me but let her suck and fuck me
gucci wanna sex ya tell me is ya itched it
probably coulda hit it dawg I aint even hit it yet
fuck the 20 minutes dawg i aint even nutted yet
now she braggin on me dawg i aint even stuntin it
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl 
Ohh...
You want a freaky gurl?
Welcome to Kim's World
You ain't gon' wanna leave
Just like a kid at DisneyWorld
My deep throat'll have you squirtin' like a watergun
Coochie overflowin' like somebody let the faucet run
Bust one nut I ain't done
I got more cum'
Friends? Tell' em all to come
We gon' have some mo' fun
Yeaaaah...
Chew on me like some bubblegum
I'll lick you like a lollipop
Once you taste my honeybun
It's our lil' secret
Just like my underwear
You know pain is pleasure
Can you make me shed a tear?
Smack my ass grab my neck
Got 'em cummin' everywhere
I'mma freak so I don't care
Just don't get none in my hair
Now he callin' me wifey
And he wanna introduce me
Takin' me on shoppin' sprees
He wanna buy me Gucci
Zoomin' like a blue sea
On the back of his Suzuki
And I ain't even sex 'em
All I did was let him eat my Coochie hahaha ok its gucci
yea lil kim
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
I got sum brain n the front seat of the hummer
and if u can make it rain then ludacris can make it thunder
I ain't messin with these lames but it seem I make them wonder
How I came and took the game 4 the past 7 summers
Now yo woman wanna get it from the front from the back
and if she with it I'm a hit it from the side
Give her what she want in the lac cause she a freak gurl and I can see it in her eyes
She can go tit for tat it's so good that I made her wanna cry
A little bit of this little that 4 2 piece biscuit and sum fries
Straight from churches ya boyfriends worthless
Cause luda go deep while he barely scratch the surface
She itching for a scratch like she dj jc
if u looking fo ya match Bitch come and find me
I be in the A town I ain't that hard to find
Put ya legs up in the air and see the DTP sign
If ya wanna meet my mama that's a thing I won't do
U say muthafuck me nah muthafuck you kno why
She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I'm charging 16 fever 16 fever nigga my price cheaper 16 fever
16 fever coke-I-ina X pills bubble kush mid grade reefa
Hoes ridin vics dog but I ride beemurs
I swear da red chain'll cost 16 fever
16 5-0 there go 5-0
I'm up 2-5 but I need 4 more
I got uncles blowin bundles mine do numbers while I drive lambo
Off white yayo digital scale fish scale sending my pigeons by mail
Bring in my drain folk ? just bring me that cane folk
Gucci got good dope pillz purp and sizzurp my workers don't move nothing less than a bizzurd
Gucci got good dope pillz purp and sizzurp my workers don't move for nothing less than a bizzurd
Bricks can't keep em 16 fever bemmur speakers geek-a-meters
Misdemeanors several subpeonas see I'm gone drink up cause we just linked up
The squad been teamed up we cutting off fingers it's 16 fever and that's since april
My corvette paid for my old school paid for the hummer roll up that means you assed out
And you didn't cash out see this my traphouse I slam fiends backs out we push white sacks out
See this my traphouse I slam fiends backs out we push white sacks out them backs get pushed out
I'm scraping the bowl up I'm whipping up cake mix
But this ain't red velvet don't eat it ya smoke it
Your options are open you even can snort it
3 dollar sacks so you know you can score it say you can't afford it
Yo I can ignore it well don't call them dope boys you know you feel boring
You know that you feenin you know that you need it it's gucci I'm greedy lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane geah
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane uhh
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane 
So Icy E-N-T 
It's the kid 
It's the kid again 
Shawty asked me what time it is?
I said it's fifteen minutes past the diamonds bitch
In Laflare in the cockpit Gucci the prophet
Bel Air shoppin West coast hoppin
Gucci! Niggaz get popped still not get Cochran
Now ask Josh Avanta{?} or Egalin{?}
Lawyers doctors and policemen
Jewelers Buellers and co-pilots
My hood life {?} burn the verse like lightning
My flow so frightening it not nothin nice man
See I shoot bul-lets and you shoot dice man
It's my life man so I'ma stay {?}
See I'm no red man and I'm no white man
I don't pay a car check my Aston Martin
My chain be shinin my grill be sparklin
It's Gucci darlin now whassup shawty?
Shawty so sexy but she be flexin
Oh he ride Lexus ooh I fly frequent
Oh he pop bottles then I'm not drinkin
Oh that smell stinkin is what I'm just thinkin
This whole outside why didn't you make it?
Oh boy you left it so bitch I bet ya
In and out the Range with a four dollar outfit
Talkin 'bout your man tell him why you a trick bitch
On to the next one shawty the best one
From Houston Texas damn she vibrant
Crushin blushin I got her smilin
The sunburnt eyelids but I'm not whylin
I'm admirin she perspirin
The way she dancin has got me risin
Let's go kick it let's go shoppin
Tear the mall up girl I'm not poppin
It's Gucci baby it's 
The Maybach mango the inside gravy
My wrist game crazy connect beez hazy
My 180 the track Fugazi
The black still shady I know they hate me
The white won't date me but you won't let up
But you know better cause you gon' save her
I know you paid her did her favors
But that's not player and that's not gangster
My fingers got a pimp {?} cause I'm no banker
See I'm her thinker lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Pimp C Rich Boy Blaze-1)
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
24's on the Chevy look like I'm 'bout to fly
Take flight on a hoe ride a kite on a bitch
Lear jet coochie when I ride on six's
And I sit high like I ride on switches
Rent it out the ass dudes barkin' hoes keep lookin'
Shackles wanna jet but they don't keep black
Candy coated Lac with the back pushed back
Shorty smoke thrax what chu know 'bout that?
Let the top back the hood catch cut tax
It's a known fact Gucci smoke on purp
Old school verdict with the ace on the skirts
It's a tough dash paint look like glass
Like can't do skatin' and the don't start hatin'
28 D.U.B.s on roll tank these haters want dates
I tell 'em get chu straight
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
24's on the chevy look like I'm bout to fly
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
24's on the chevy look like I'm bout to fly
That nigga she just love me
Watch me ride by wanna fuck me
She me in the club wanna suck me
Guess that why yo man lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Is you rollin? 
Bitch I might be 
Girl he geeked up
Girl he geeked up
Bitch I might be 
East Atlanta slum man is where I come from
Pass that bubble thrax and put this bean on your tongue
Now everything was gravy til your bitch came in
Bout the same time that that thang kicked in
Now she ain't really pretty but she got a nice body
I'm geeked up thinkin this Buffie The Body
Ain't your name lil Trina cause you look like Janet Jackson
I'm off three double stacks and I'm lookin for that action
Gucci Mane you stupid man I love the way you flowin
Ridin in my drop but I don't know where I'm goin
On two eighty five I keep ridin in a circle
The inside of my ride smellin like a pound of purple
Gucci is your time give me five more minutes and a cold orange juice cause I'm really really trippin
Went to the strip club and request that I'm da man
The next thing you know I was throwin rubberbands
Shawty tellin me she ain't neva suck no dick
Neva took a pill or neva ate a bitch
You a lie but I ain't gonna get upset right now
But I wish I had a lie detector test right now
You say you marry well bitch you might be
But I bet your husband ain't Icy like me
She stand on B.C. in my ashy black tee
When dem dope man nikes and dem jore ass jeans-Jordache Jeans
I don't pay her but I still keep that thrax on me
I'm a the shit in East Atlanta baby ask about me
Pop one pop two two halves that's three
Ain't no waffle house baby hell I can't eat
Gucci hood like your hoodman hes so extreme
Wearin doces in the club cause you kno the boy geeked
Top the top on that thang let you see my seats
We've been rollin rollin rollin we ain't slept in weeks
Gucci Mane the flyy nigga get your mind right
Or a crys by the twelve like a case of budlight
Sell a cush by a bell so you kno might shit tight
See I'm 30 in the morning on a all night flight
I'm high like Fabo hood like Shawty
So tell me when to go like my name E-40
A rich rock star nigga I'm gonna party
Got a party pack of pillz that's at least bout 40
I'll pour dem in your hand like a bag of jelly beans
Take two of these pillz call me in the morning
Fifty thousand pillz man I'm so real
Three dollars for a pill that's a damn good deal
Ay wassup Gucci Mane. Why you sweatin so hard? Is you rollin or somethin.
Shit well baby I might be. But got damn what is you doin. You jockin a playa.
You ch-Chewy ova here right. Look I ain't
 K-Rab baby You know what I mean I'm not a piece of Bubblegum.
What I'm doin is not your business. But matta of fact while you ova here is you a waitress or somethin?
Cause the shit you got on make you look like you a waitress.
So do what you do iight. I'm a give you this hundred dollars.
Go get you what ever you drankin.
Bring me and click about ten of dem orange juices five crunk juices nd we'll be straight how bout that.
And is you straight is you single or is you marry.
Cause I might be Bitch I might be Bitch I might be lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
It's Gucci Gucci
So icy entertainment
Atlantic records man
Let's get money man it's our year
Pay me fifteen GS yo track I'll sneeze on it
Ah choo I'm rich say gazuntie bitch
Please excuse me miss pardon my French
My necklace look like criss yo diamonds look like piss
I spent a quarter million dollars just to look like this
In the kitchen cookin' chickens tryna pay my rent
Got a cock eyed bent and a bow legged Benz
Pigeon toed Aston Martin wit the off set rims
I'm not like them
I done out shined him
I done flat lined him
Gucci I'm still here
Gucci don't drink beer
But he does drink don
Hundred thousand dollar murder charge I made
Bond it's Gucci
I got bird flu shawty sellin' bird's my business
Catch that bird flu shawty that's a terrible sickness
I got bird flu shawty in the summer it's Christmas
Catch that bird flu shawty nigga handle yo business
I got bird flu shawty sellin' bird's my business
Catch that bird flu shawty that's a terrible sickness
I got bird flu shawty in the summer it's Christmas
Catch that bird flu shawty nigga handle yo business
Gucci done it does it John Rubert Stoddard
That's colored covered that's flooded studder
...  Leonard skinner watch sherbet pervert
Look flagerently fun it's an Aston martin
If you trick didn't notice watch me don't lose focus
Trap boys get bricks athletes gets trophies
Gucci Mane get cake it's my birthday party
Want a sweet sixteen that's two times forty
Watch look like Diddy chain look like fifty
Gucci Mane fuck wit me shawty move chickens
Shawty I do live it wanna take ad lib it
I'm so hood wit it you hip hop critic
I got bird flu shawty sellin' bird's my business
Catch that bird flu shawty that's a terrible sickness
I got bird flu shawty in the summer it's Christmas
Catch that bird flu shawty nigga handle yo business
I got bird flu shawty sellin' bird's my business
Catch that bird flu shawty that's a terrible sickness
I got bird flu shawty in the summer it's Christmas
Catch that bird flu shawty nigga handle yo business
Uh uh it's Gucci
Uh lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Jyea 
Yea 
Yeaaa...
We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna Jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 
We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 
Your mane is my name 
Gucci is what they call me 
Six months I lost it 
Now bitch I ball it 
Twenty-eight inches 
Got me standin' really tall man 
Tearin' up the mall 
This is just the way I ball man 
Cocaine ounces 
Blue and yellow wristband 
Chain look iceland 
Watch my breitling 
Niggas think ice can 
Gucci think island 
Niggas think charger 
Gucci think 'rrari 
-sorry 
Murcialago I park it 
Inside peanut butter 
Outside change it 
Now outside 
Get it inside stranger 
Diamonds look mustard 
S 600 
We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 
We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 
I enter to the club 
Im lookin for a girl 
She lookin for a thug 
Like I'm lookin for a pull 
I bought a pack of bullets 
I showed her lot of jewels 
I gotta lot shows lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
And you want me to give you all of my heart
All of my love
But you don't love me 
And you keep on sayin that's how you are
But that ain't good enough
Cause you don't love me 
And you want me to think that were gonna pass
So I keep coming back 
You say it might be
But baby that ain't
Gonna be good enough
So there ain't no us
Cause you don't love me
I'm a zone 6 nigga so it ain't nothin to it
Yo man won't beat it up but guess what  
I'll beat that thang like I'm performin
Ya hate me now but you gon' love me in the mornin 
Flash flood warning I'm in the club stormin (GO GO GO GO lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Burn up our door 
Hard wood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Bricks going in 
Birds going out 
I stashed a 100 mill 
Off in my stash house 
Order room 2 
Order room 1  
Especially for tonight it's some Shawty Redd drums. 
Burn up our door 
Hardwood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Come on in cash out 
Birds in a drought 
Hole lot of soft 
In my stash house 
If it don't jump the first time cook it again 
Den call the dope man shawty get you a ten 
Den den call him again den call da dope man den call him again. 
I'm so gangsta and he's so corny 
I'm so hood that the hoes get horny 
07 corvette I'm off set shortys 
If those the new 20 then order me forty 
Gucci mane rabbit drums made by shorty 
The hood say we waz up like bartie 
Ralph Laurens seats with the polo cut 
71 chevelle an they sittin on bucketz 
76 of elz and dey sittin on shanti's 
The kid straight bluntin smokin top knot chrionic 
A pound of what we smoke cost 95000 
I smoke it all day back to back its nothing 
Gucci mane trick on a bitch no cuffin 
Baby suck my dick I gave her 2 clean hundreds 
I Didn't have a deal niggas thought it wasn't comin
Never spint a rap check yet no stuttin it's Gucci. 
Burn up our door 
Hard wood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Bricks going in 
Birds going out 
I stashed a 100 mill 
Off in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
Gucci mane in his stash house. 
Burn up our door 
Hardwood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Come on in cash out 
Birds in a drought 
Hole lot of soft 
I'm in my stash house 
If it don't jump the first time cook it again 
Den call the dope man shawty get you a ten 
Denden call him again den call da dope man den call him again 
Headed up I-10 With a couple of hens 
In a bubbled eyed Benz cuz I'm gettin it in 
Gotta a team of kickmen 
I be sendin them in 
Kickin doorz off da hinges tryna cop by the ten 
If a nigga touch a hair on my chiny chin chin 
On my chin chiller trench then we spending a ben
Gotta russian armor handgun it's my bestfriend 
Shawty redd in da bentley Gucci mane in the baby 
Drop a baby in the potit do what it doez 
When I pull it out the pot I'ma serve it to cuz 
Heavy wrist activity that started my buzz 
White diamonds in the bart look like lil light bulbs it's Gucci 
Burn up our door 
Hard wood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Bricks going in 
Birds going out 
I stashed a 100 mill 
Off in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
Gucci mane in his stash house. 
Burn up our door 
Hardwood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Come on in cash out 
Birds in a drought 
Hole lot of soft 
I'm in my stash house 
If it don't jump the first time cook it again 
Den call the dope man shawty get you a ten 
Denden call him again den call da dope man lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gucci huh huh huh yeeaahh yeeaahh 
I count a hundred gran den I ate sum cereal 
Stuff a half a brickie n a box of cherrios 
Ho's like Guccie I done seen ya video 
2 Atlanta cars all stretch interior 
20 million dollars n da seat iz you serious 
Sum millions of front 4da kids dey furious 
G4 flights club like dey hearin me 
Diz iz nitti beat 
I dont think dat hearin me 
80 thousand dollars 4 a track you kiddin me 
Gucci Mane back n dey cant get rid of me 
A multi million dollar business I'm bout 2 finna b 
A one of six n part 2 bell on my jewelery 
Ya girl wuz a jewelor seen da bulor 
I roc so much ice I should of bought my cooler 
Ya girl want 2 layup 
Seen da jacob 
Crazy color chain lookin like a laser huh 
A multi million dollar bag yeah datz tru 
Gucci let you cop a mill r 2 
Yeah datz cool 
Well da vegas of miami east n west coast too 
Den she tell me do she want it 
Den I say itz cool 
Big ballers shy callers top notch girl too 
Can I take you out 4 dinner 
She said yeah datz cool 
Nda numbers dat you did ima do times 2 wanna hit diz mid Gucci 
Shit dog I'm cool 
Im Cool  
She cool  
He Cool  
We Cool  
Be Cool  
Do you  
Not you  
Cuz we cool  
I got eight bedrooms wit layside view 
Own eight mazaradi's wit da off set boots 
Last year did time I wuz on da 2 
Camillio painted old school means a change n view 
Murda charge gun charge acavated assault 
First day outta jail man I bought da bar 
Second day outta jail man I bought da car 
Everyday of da week I fuckin den it 4 yall 
Gotta take every girl 2 a different mall 
Southern cathlic physic placid man I luv 2ball 
Cake boy cake girl man I luv dem all 
Got 40 thousand dollars n my Gucci draws pu**y 
N I aint even reed up yet 
But like da repo man da whole hood n debt huh 
N I aint even reed up yet 
But like da repo man da whole hood n debt huh 
A multi million dollar bag yeah datz tru 
Gucci let you cop a mill r 2 
Yeah datz cool 
Well da vegas of miami east n west coast too 
Den she tell me do she want it 
Den I say itz cool 
Big ballers shy callers top notch girls too 
Can I take you out 4 dinner 
She say yeah datz cool 
Nda numbers dat you did ima do times 2 lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Shawnna got a 'lac sittin' on tres
Shawnna don't need no nigga I'm paid
Shawnna got stacks
Shawnna got grip
Shawnna got that so you better not slip
I'm posted on tha block
My girls tippin' dro
This cafe patron got me sippin real slow
I'm lookin like a star
Ice on my neck
Ice on my wrist
Ice on my chest
You might wanna fit but I ain't on that
I'm way fucked up
I'm way tore back
And I don't give a fuck I got it like that
They took a niggas juice
I got it right back
And now they like 'damn'
Now they like 'amazing'
Tondra roll 4 5 blunts and we blazin'
Look at shawty gazin'
He lookin like he want me
I'm sorry little daddy
I'm tryna get ya homie
Lames can't call her 
All she date is ballers 
Shawty got a fetish 
Squares can't call her 
Lames can't call her 
All she date is ballers 
Shawty got a fetish 
She only date ballers 
I'm Gucci Mane Laflare I'm MVP
I know your baby mama real proud of me
The Benz line say they get tired of me
I'm young kush man I sell nothin but QP's
Shawnna so fine Gucci mane I'm good
She so pretty but still so hood
Hey little darling How you shawty?
I'm so marvelous I can't call it
I'm so southern you so northern
We so crack rock they so corny
It's two-thirty early I'm horny
The way I cook a brick It's like I'm doin a performance
All eyes on we Homegirl want me
Say he on tha track So tha track real funky
Pants red monkey Gucci go donkey
Niggaz play crazy lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
 Huh? Awww man
That good kush - this kush is PERFECT!!
I'm really smokin - DJ Speedy track PERFECT!!
Really perkin - So Icey we PERFECT!!
Well we the shit - my record label is PERFECT!!
Run it back just like I'm a runningback
While my diamonds doin jumpin jacks my pockets gettin fat 
I'm gettin fat  obese 
I won't stop man I just keep eatin 
Dear meat  let's feast 
Dear Lord I thank you for this beef
Dear meat  let's feast 
Oh Lord thank you for this beef
It's no sweat but I keep good Keith 
That strong loud kush they call it Irene 
Sixteen with about ten G's 
And Spike Lee was screamin  
Not us  not me 
Got 49 cent in my Guess jeans 
And my chain  is one mill' 
That's one mill' more than your deal 
I'm so trill  large bills 
I'm sittin tall grill it come from Paul Wall
No cocallins shawty yeah I keep the Paul Wall
The Lil Wyte the Eminem you know the 
Gucci!!
Now it don't stop 'til the fat girls sings 
When it's over hit 'em with the violins 
Go  - bring the beat back!
Do you like the violins? 
Matter fact drop the beat and play the strings
Go  - bring the beat back
Beat so hard I ain't gotta say a thing 
One Mane two chains three knots and fo' rangs
Eight please excuse me that's fo' on both hands
I'm Mr. Perfect run Mane Mane Gucci Mane
Gucci!!
This for my lil' brother Nate he ain't even thirteen
Tell Meagan Uncle Gucci say good and stay sweet
Like my children and my auntie my niece is pretty
Love my momma more than my Hummer on Ashantis
Love my brother 50 and I know that nigga love me
Love Walker Wood Warren R.I.P. to Raliegh
Shout out to Uncle Joe and my Uncle Bentley
Speedy beatbox on the track take it to Jamica Queens
{} Go go lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I got the stove on and get the pie... hot
It's fin' to get hot
So put your mask on and lick some shots... hot
It's fin' to get hot
Man the whip gon' be a cold summer
Ice on my Bentley so that means I got a cold stormer
 And my watch it cost a cool hundred
Ch'all cost me two hundred flexin with the new money
Brr - got that don't know what to do money
Put it in the 7 got my old school lookin too funny
Hahaha and this paint job cost a cool twenty
Gotta watch my 2 junkies burnin on that good chronic
Huh? A flat 40 and my rim Mikey
Try to CEO I leave you flunky like a damn donkey
Geah I hope you heard what I just said homey
Thought you were my dog 'til that nigga put the fes on me
So nigga go and tell on me
I'ma get this bread homey I ain't never scared homey
Huh? Hope you heard what I just said homey
You can go and tell on me I'ma get this bread homey
In the club on that good burnin
Shorty smokin weed but it smellin like that wood burnin
Stop! In Magic City on a good Monday
Got it rainin good money hoes make it good for me
Go go go I told lil' momma what she could do for me
Shorty kept it hood lil' momma out here catchin jewels for me
I told my flunkie need to see somethin
Shorty she don't ride but she took G down to the 10 for me
Uhh and I let her get it in for me
Comin through the outfit right now strapped down with them things for me
Uhh and that girl know how to spend money
Baby want that real money show you how to lay in money
 I told her all I do is cash hundreds
Lookin like that cash money out here makin fast money
Uhh but nigga if you trick your last money
If you trick your last money nigga you a damn dummy
I hit the club gon' leave my car runnin
Why you leave your car runnin? I'm just gon' be five minutes
 Man I pull me about 9 women
It did take me 9 minutes but I needed 9 jimmies
 Make these girls grant all my 9 wishes
All you player haters need to get the fuck out my bid'ness
Uhh lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Geah geah Gucci
Geah geah Juice
Zay we eskimos
Whassup Juan T? Boss Lady?
Geah E.A. E.A. E.A. I mean
E.A. E.A. E.A. I mean
This a block party nigga you serve the blocks nigga
or you ain't comin nigga geah Atlanta
It's my party buy a dub if you want to
30 if you want to 40 then I front you
A block on a plate take a line if you want to
You know that you want to I know what'chu gonna do
10 and a half 30 bags in a drought 
Gucci run the 6 with a pot in the vault
Hey yeah I roll hey yeah I steal
Hey yeah I smoke drink and pop pills 
Nigga this my party where do you live? 
Who let you in how'd you get here?
Gucci go bonkers man the flow's monster
Old folks wonder how I ride Hummer
Corvette old school Verte look like Tonka
Fo' deep gangsta negro wood rocker
Chopper flames jump out just like Flocka
Nigga drop us be missin like Jimmy Hoffa
Eskimos baby where the igloo at?
I'm double if you cut me my wet might leak out
Million dollar traphouse and I just cashed out 
Got the red car cause it can't mace{?} out
And I bring packs out thrice house sex out
It's my block this where them feds get slammed out 
and issue that crack out  two chicks at my crack house 
Can I suck your dick? Hell nah you junkie bitch
Can't touch my work or dick your worthless piece of shit
I'm up three million and that's just here licks
I sell white icks on to that bass bricks
Save your compartment save the deposit
Glock no safety I already cocked it
Gucci two bands can't fit in a wallet
I'm all 'bout the profit the feds keep watchin
Gucci two bands can't fit in a wallet
I'm all 'bout the profit the feds keep watchin 
I turned my Glock to a Mac with a 30 round clip
Everybody step back I'm fin' to let this fucker rip
Nigga don't slip sniper rifle equal
Street sweeper hit that ass here the bill on the igloo
Buy the tips and the Glock bet that sink your battleship
Pussy bwoy musta thought Gucci Mane wouldn't rip
Who the hell you think I am? Musta thought I was a bitch
Last time I took a piss lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity
See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity
Send on my jacky baby call her terry bracelet baby
Bart one was spent 'bout 20 G Gucci drop three eighty baby
Multicolor carrot tee my necklaces are heavy mane
Hit the club then leave the club then come back with another chain
Mighty mouse is icy dog Bart shit is just stupid
Yellow blue black green and white the diamonds match the groupies
Digitally enhance stones pink is like a movie
Truly I'm a walkin' lick Gucci man the talkin' brick
If you ain't gonna talk to chickens dog who you talkin' to?
7:30 in the kitchen Nate Nate about to go to school
Saturday I'm cookin' chickens momma about to go to work
Sunday Gucci cookin' chickens granny about to go to church
See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity
See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity
Heavy wrist activity got me livin' lovely
Cocka nina heaven land cocka nina shawty
Breakin' down ten chickens dog about to cook the shake up
All these extra grams might as well go buy a Jacob
Gucci man for mayor Gucci man so player
Repin' East Atlanta that's ten minutes from Decatur
Almost match are cars and are belts going to match are gators
You can't swang like Gucci 'cause you don't got enough flavor
Heavy on the lickerish industry ridiculous
Bitches I'm magnificent I'm not very articulate
Gucci what's the penalty shawty what's the business
Every night is Valentine every day is Christmas
Gucci what's the penalty shawty what's the business
Every night is Valentine every day is Christmas
See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity
See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity
My girlfriend say she love me but it's just the jewelry
Multicolor carrots got your girlfriend kinda curious
First I drop my verses and then I go and drop the chorus
Then I'm out the booth back to my trap you know I'm mournin'
'74 restored it Beethoven recorded
Say you charging 30 like that Gucci can't afford it
Gucci chargin' 40 dog that's a couple birdies
Gucci stoopid jewelry dog I don't think you herd me
See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity
See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Aiyyo! Y'all hear me? (sniff lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ital original Don Dada say
The motherfuckin saga just begun
WARNING! Warning cinder boots
Sunk in the mud I am
(Killin killin killin) The original WAR! So
Kill dem pussy we kill dem fi fun
Killin a pussy we kill dem fi fun
Killin pussy we kill dem fi fun
Send a man no mind our business or die tonight
Or tell him ass again that 'im end soon come
Before 'im come mi Gucci Mane come
Before 'im come de Don Dada come
When we come it's a battle gun come
Pussy gwan see we and started to run
But - nowhere to 'ide me-say nowhere to run
Infrared light might dead 'pon we gun
See 'im place the spot them a dead 'im fall down so
Kill him pussy we kill dem fi fun
Killin a pussy kill dem fi fun
Man I murder fo' fun but my job is never done
From morning morn' to the setting of the sun
Bad men come come come get murdered for fun
The hundred round drum in my tommy gun
Be a cat in the Hum' I'll cut out your tongue
Me and Ox man we murder fo' fun
Talk talk bad man come get murdered fo' fun
The Gucci Mane man I murder fo' fun
See my momma ain't raised no bitch-ass nigga
Never heard Gucci Mane no snitch-ass nigga
When you dealin with a vet don't bring a rookie
Tell Young Jeezy that I smell pussy
The top shotter with the Don Dada
The whole hood is a done daddah
M holla to the state of Nevada
Put a hole in your fuckin oblongota pussy
Big Cat is a Army better yet a Navy
Try to kill Gucci Mane bitch it ain't crazy
Tell Jeezy it's a bullet with his name on it
A ten thousand dollar hit he put my chain on it
Ye ain't heard about it? You ain't seen the news?
Ye ain't read the paper? You fuckin player hater
Bird brain-ass nigga perpetratin the boss
Might think you won one but you really done lost lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I got trap money I got trap-I got trap 
I got 20 for a show but it's really rap money
20 for a hoe and that's really trap money
B.A.!!
Blue lights flashin checkin out my mansion
Gangster so flashy Louis Vuitton magnum
How he out here swaggin? Dat be what they askin
I drop the white crease call it dope boy magic
Dopeology you should take one of my classes
Hit me in the hood red carpet pants saggin
Rob you on Front Street in 75 classic
My potnahs know I'm good in the hood besides rappin
I got trap money cabin it's 30 if you askin
D trap money lavish ain't gotta make it rappin
Fruity bezel the cabbage them country niggaz taxin
Ballin like Maverick blowin loud in the traffic
I robbed a nigga twosie in some Rap Lord fashion
Say young'n in the hood I'm a trap money addict
Cartier glasses you see that I got money
I wake up early in the mornin I need me some trap money
Mook!
20 Benz back you see a nigga that's my pack money
Look I ain't got no record deal so no it ain't no rap money
You see the stack in my jeans I can't fit no rubber band
22 on cents I'ma wrap it 'round them
And first I unload the tractor bust 'em out the wrapper
Get 'em to my trappers and they bring me back them rat chicks
Bust off goin fast you can call it cheetah girl
When I get the panky you know I'm water whippin her
No top on the whip tank top Louis V
You can call me tank top cause all I do is wifebeat
Talkin smart on the phone price just gone up
Take it or leave it homeboy either way I give a fuck
Pot cold LB's kush by the O-Z's
Yeah I sell 'em for the low and get 'em for the dirt cheap
Get in just how you want I'm a walkin trap sto'
Well connected nigga courtesy of my amigos
Flyin down 20 East trunk full of dirty birdies
In the middle of the drought we let them bitches fly for 30
In the kitchen cuttin work I gotta do my two-step
Yeah I'm bad leg trappin bring it to your front stop
Now I'm on Y-65 just got off I-10
In the handicap van fill it up with midgets man
I mean the good I know is show and it ain't come from rappin money
Ten bands all tens lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yup! Yup!
Gucci Mane in this motherfucker 
My nigga Zo' on the track 
That real shit that real shit
I'm a hood rich nigga I ain't never had shit
I really ain't shit; niggaz talkin 'bout me
but they really ain't shit they ain't said shit
It don't make dollars it don't make cents/sense
I ain't never had shit nigga that's the truth
Rich kids in the school used to draw on my shoes
Name stayed on the board fo' checks in chalk
In detention cause the teacher say that we can't talk
Counselor raggin and my momma got that I just walk
I wish I had a nickel for every fight I fought
Stealin candy out the sto' like I can't get caught
Just a lil' bad black boy it ain't my fault
After school snack syrup and fo' pieces of bread
Granddaddy why yo' eyes so God damn red?
"Got a real soft ass and a hard-ass head
Better mind your fuckin manners boy" that's what he said
I moved to East Atlanta at the age of 9
Real cold winter 1989
My brother good at ball I can't play no sports
They won't let you pack a tool on the b-ball court
Cluster Ave Monty Paul where my daddy now?
Things goin alright we a family now
Got the dopeman Nikes and the Starter coat
Only nigga in school with the dopeman rope
Pull the joint two times man I'm high already
I like that girl with them braids and them high-top Chevys
Got that bump for stick-up Starter and the big boy chest
Tried to take it on the train but I just couldn't let him
14 gettin drunk at a house party
They locked me up they must have hid a half a ounce on me
Momma mad as a mother' daddy let him be
Gucci Mane raised me to be a straight up G 
Now my daddy hustle hard but he love sum liquor
And my momma wanna leave him but she love the nigga
Everything kinda changed when I turned 16
Got the old school Regal with the chrome back rings
Like a newborn baby man that bitch clean
But the motor fucked up and the transmission
and it's knockin down the street with the 415's
In Mackmile parkin lot stright whipping
And I'm Bankhead bouncin fo' hoes want me
Hit the half and give me two dimes for 15
And my mind's on gettin reach by all means
In the trap lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Big Cat Records
Diamonds hello yellow fellow
Mellow yellow diamond bezel
Aqua water toilet water
Pissin yellow shit mellow
Club light club night
Shorty got a hella chain
Hella cake hella fame
Drop top Corvette yellow thang
DeVille on the watch chain earring and ring shit
Hangin with the dope boys cause they on the same shit
Blues got evicted shorty think she seein things
Boy I start on a skateboard and he skate man
Dope be 180 mane got these rappers hatin mane
Got it fo' Atlanta mane brought it out my trappin game
Whole lot of traffic mane bein mojo stackin change
Tattoo of that yellow rang shorty got a yellow chain
Cracy color cherry chain same color my baby ass
Sellin white and smokin green shiny yellow diamond cream
Time to work no time to play every day I'm off in yay
Usin cocallina choosin demi jewelry boss excused
{?} runnin scare a cover ketchup stones and yellow mustard
Red black and green bright call the piece the motherland
All white earring cost me damn near 80 grand
Five time zone change what's the time in Pakistan?
Homeboy got a leather belt Gucci flood it platinum belt
Crazy color karats bitch went platinum call it kuatinum
Shorty drunk just chewin his stacks say that boy quadruple that
Gucci draw 200 ranks how he gon' keep up with that?
Scoopy fruity icey part the piece that'll change your heart
Gucci Mane up in your part border diamonds yellow market
Ice stones ringtone green stones cell phone
X-5 fifty on offset lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ay! DJ Speedy 
You a fool for this one 
Selassie Ice 
We still rock steady 
Gucci Mane where you at?
YEAHHH! I'm not your baby daddy
I'm your sugar daddy too much money on me
I can buy you all drinks everything is on me
You can smoke and eat free I'm in the V-I-P
Baby come and see me G-U double-C I
M-A-N-E I'm 
You done heard about me but enough about me
Let's talk about we come lie on my sheets
I'ma lay in you deep like a Lamborghini
Girl you represents me and you must look cute
Cause you represent me I'm the President Bill
You my Hilary but you try an' diss me
I'ma call on whiskey need a black lady
independent Oprah Winfrey ask Oprah Winfrey
Has she heard about me? Spread the word about me
If you leave your plan A I can be your plan B
Gucci!
Lambo like a Lambo
Get low to the earth like a Lambo
Baby stick your hands up like a Lambo
Go slow go fast like a Lambo
Oh she looks like a Lambo like a Lambo
Baby body bangin harder than a Lambo
Baby put her hands up like a Lambo
She remind me of a Murcielago
Like a Lamborghini shorty very pricey
She can be your wifey could say that shorty might be
But I think she like me least I think she like G's
All the G's on her bag how she couldn't like me?
 How she wouldn't like me? Your man wanna bite me
But he shouldn't now you runnin like a Lamborghini
Shorty fine as a scene Jet beauty this week
She as top notch as Jet but she a stone cold freak
Ridin down to South Beach 'bout 4 or 5 drinks
Jumped in a 'Lago doors up you don't say
Gucci Mane Selassie girl we extra ic-ey
Wanna owe it to Atlanta pussy nigga don't say
I'ma pay like I weigh every day my payday
Every day our payday we in the Lamborghini
I'ma pay like I weigh every day my payday
Every day our payday we in the Lamborghini
And she know she good when she up in the hood
Because she got that good that's what they say in the hood
Yeah so you can ask Mr. Gucci excuse me Mr. Icey
Baby girl yeah say she wanna be your wifey
She dress real pricey lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
The way my wrist glist' I make a hood bitch say 
My neck-lace represent the fact I go ham
It's lonely up here man I need to come down
So many O's I made the bank teller pass out
My trap house floors lookin like a Magic City Monday
But ain't no singles it's just big head hundreds
My car's gettin watched by this ugly-ass junkie
I keep laughin like a woman but it ain't shit funny 
I'm posted in the trap and my country boys comin
I'm hood rich bitch still servin two dummies
I'm gettin on your nerves cause Gucci got money
The charm is absurd but the rims are all shiny
I mic check I mic check now it's time the chicken talk
One scratch on my Nike checks I cop another pair
I got stacks on deck make the girl break her neck
when she hit the bubble kush the bitch coughed up her breakfast
I'm the realest make a bet lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Geah  Gucci 
Gucci Mane LaFlare yeah
(But guess what we here we sellin units)
(We doin real big AND we eatin the whole plate)
The whole fuckin plate man; ain't no cuts on this shit man
Ain't no middleman in this shit we want all the fuckin money man
We get all the money independent where it's at man
I'ma tell y'all independents like this
If you want the blueprint to this shit watch Gucci Mane
Gucci overdooz it does it the boy's perfect
Neck piece flooded it's color scattered and covered
I'm worth nine hundred God damn I spent a hundred
But that's rap money when trappin that cash nothin
I'm internet surfin tourin grillin and turfin
Speedboat racin jet skiing and golfin
Crazy color Jordans same color the ballin
Bitch I bet up on it I'm rich my dear regardless
Shrimp scampi odor every time I flaunt chick
Trap nigga conversate with a Harvard smart bitch
I'm young rich and heartless put you on a carton
Cartoon jewelry customized by my artist
Six months locked got a head start bitch
I was nigga rich befo' I ever got a rap check
Yellow Corvette same color Moet
Paid twenty grand just to get every stone set
Big black hollow tips that's what the sig spit
Hataz try me they'll get shot in the kidneys 
Dislodge bullets real fast what a chop' do 
I'm Gucci Mane LaFlare I tote a glock like a cop do
We don't talk to strangers we cop bangers
Trappin at night man it might get dangerous
But I'm from East Atlanta where they cuttin off fangaz
I'm from East Atlanta where they cuttin off fangaz!
I'm shittin on these rappers like I'm wearin a Pamper
I'm sittin on five hundred cause I got it together
Niggaz never try niggaz that set examples
I'ma eat a shawty sunnyside or the scramble
The port of Miami to the streets of my 'lanta
The pinkie with the light stone match your encounter
I'm Gucci Mane LaFlare they call me Gucci Montana
I'm Boston Georgia Florida Macon Tampa and 'Bama
My Mississipi niggaz feel me harder than Banner
Haters see my video they switchin the channel
Gucci got pieces shawty go get'cha camera
And Gucci time is money bitch so go get it faster
Cause I could give a damn about your father's a pastor
Because I smoke your father then yo' ass is a bastard
Gucci smokin weed so you know he's a hazard
Money's on my mind bitches don't really matter
My money so big it can't fit in my matress
Devil bought the actress cause I signed with Atlantic
One fifty cursin while trappin in Spanish
Forty in my pocket turn yo' head to some Manwich
Boss of your boss man I push the Porsches
My million dollar chain got me feelin important
Jumped off early and copped me a fort
Major moves with money like the 
Gucci go and get it while them hoes get abortions
Shittin on a bitch take a piss on they Jordans
Rappers want promotion Gucci Mane want the package
The scale in the bag bitch pay me on the back end
Hamiltons and Washingtons Franklins and Jacksons
Trapper never trip I just added the fractions
New bitch waggin lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gangs
GEAH GEAH GEAH GEAH
Gangs let's start a gang
E'rybody say they wanna join the gang
These thangs let's start again
E'rybody say they wanna join the gang
So Icey boy that's the thang
E'rybody say they wanna join the gang
This gang - wanna join the gang
So Ice boy nigga that's the thang
This gang
'Fore you join the gang gotta change your name 
Sound is So Icey change your slang
Hot boys hot girls blaze ya {?}
Crip greens rice law enforcement treys
Simple plain shorty I'll bang ya brain 
Don't get it twisted shorty I'll cock and aim
Gucci got guns with beams and thangs 
The runners got stupid had dreams of thangs 
Black Chuck Taylors with the screens and thangs
Cause everybody say they wanna join the gang
Black Chuck Taylors red shoestrings and thangs
Cause e'rybody say they wanna join my gang
It's Gucci
Shouts out to the red and the blue gangs
And them boys with the black flags gettin money mane
I get that pepperjack cheese boy that's hot money
Kinda similar to what you boys call block money 
It's kinda funny cause the money come in blocks son
I got a Forrest Gump trap house - it stay runnin
Say e'rybody wanna join the So Icey fam
Well get your money right Miller  Cause we goin ham
Throwed off cause the gang I rep that e'ryday
We get it with the So Icey boy the long way
Ben Frank's my right hand man but I need him mo' and mo'
So add in nine others butter now I got a Grand Hustle
Nigga it's a gang thang gang plan gang bang
Here to give it Sunday every day is gang day
Red rag blue rag black rag green
Don't put it on your body 'less you know what that mean
The team tote infrared beams knahmean?
We'll bust you bullets goin in your spleen knahmean?
Baby feelin good cause she on the dream team
Cause every bad bitch wanna join a real gang 
His lady feelin good cause she got a real lame
Cause one track mind never made the out train
Baby's feelin good cause she on the dream team
Cause every bad bitch wanna join a real gang
His lady feelin good lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Hot damn! Hot hot stankin hot
A steerin wheel charm 'bout the size of a dinner plate
Too many VVS and when you see you got to say
Is your lights on?  Iced on 
Diamonds on my chest my name right on my wrist my fist
it be like 
All the hoes sayin 
Then the niggaz be like diamonds on the chest thick
Wrist arm fist man Gucci Mane LaFlare he the shit
Gucci Mane in the party bump whoa Kemosabe
So sick with the words think I need chemotherapy
No simpleton but this beat it's a sicken them
Gucci Mane the maestro but you should take a whiff of it
Halloween down to chain hoes wanna trick or treat
Brother trick it off 'fore I take yo' bitch out to eat
Buyin chain so foolish girl I spent a hundred G's
I can trick my brightland then and get a hundred G's
Hundred G's ain't nothin to me I need least two thousand ki's
Where are those two thousand pizzas it been dry out here a week
Laugh not for the kid dawg twenty thousand for a fee
Ten cars got a fleet I done rolled and everything
See the second verse better so get your air freshener
Wanna be like Gucci? Little buddy eat your vegetables
I'm on another level I'm Gucci Boosay
Gucci boots were purchased 'fore they came out schedule
Thirty-five thou' just to come to your house
say happy birthday ate cake and bounced out
Now Gucci is a drought whereabout not in this house
Pills pills powder traphouse like a drug sto'
Never too much I'm the shit like the commode
Toilet stool breath ass girl you need to back up
Shawty so fine she need to slow it up slow it up
Shawty showin legs but she still ain't seen enough
Speedy Gucci
The So Icey boys baby girl see our diamond watches
All the girls are jockin cause they know that my diamonds poppin
Floppin flies around me cause they know that Gucci's funky
Toppin and bossin and save the posses for the runnin
AK-47 is still what's shakin for me
So Icey squad pussy nigga we cross the country
See I'm the man bland pussy nigga we the army
We made a plan and and look we formed a company
So mad told y'all that we gettin money
Every day they cocky and dirty laundry
1500 just to clean my garbage
I'm Gucci Mane LaFlare lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ahhhhh gucci gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci gucci ahh 
Nothings goin to stop my reign ahh ahh 
Part of my pain is run through problems 
Stoppable I jump over obstacles 
Stop my grind like stop sunshine
So impropable probable mission impossible 
I said it two times nigga nigga stop lying 
Bullshit you sellin now I'm just not buying 
Flow so nice but the kid's not kind 
Swear its sicker than a new flu they got called swine
Standing on point like a unicorn
Strapped with a unibomb
Everdays a workday but dont wear uniform
Gucci mane a dubadun
Trouble like a capricorn
Trapper month goin on a money makin marathon
U the jocker I be robin
And the riddle is the batmans throne
Try not to fuck my money up and rap career like pacman jones
Thumb print me finger print me
But can we agree to disagree
Im from east atlanta 6 where the boys dump bricks
But we dont bump the blueprint 3
Wanna box me jus like max speed
But you cant fuck me like resh p
Like ali ima float like a butterfly sting like a bee cuz its big gucci gucci
Ahhhhh gucci gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci gucci ahh 
Nothings goin to stop my reign ahh ahh 
Streets de-railed me
But god didnt fail me
Oppurtunity knocked but it just emailed me
D.A nailed me watch them jail me
Take it like a champ while the whole world mail me
Young dont like me jay outselles me
Nothing in the world kanye couldnt tell me
You can beat anyone but gucci
Jaw so hard I can hardly do me
Cuz whatever that I heard use to let that 
Bet if you had the chance to you'd mute me
Convicted felon my lil friends jailin
My stash here you go and my bones done swellin
Crazy so I need prozac really
My home kept skep n my folks so eary
So hardworkin that my bones still reary
Fall in the club then the hoes start cheerin
So hear me hear me I know yall hear me
I dont like life to much not really
High like britney stoned like jimmy
Got a second chance like vick in philly
This aint snap music this is trap music
New boyz in cali yea they got a jerk movement
Bricksquad niggaz we rep the block
Gucci mane I work forks n pots
Ahhhhh gucci gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci gucci ahh 
Nothings goin to stop my reign ahh ahh 
Ahhhhh gucci gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
So so oh for real? Oh f'real?
Hell yeah man
Now now that's cold blooded
So you mean to tell me you had the whole shit on lock like dat?
Man I'm tellin you like like Nino Brown
How many car?
Seventeen
Man you mean to tell me
How mu' how much you make in in a day?
I'm tellin you man shit man money man
A million dollars two million dollars
That's crazy
How many niggaz you have workin for you?
Shit my lil' cousin brother my auntie
Oh you had them hoe
I see you goin mad shit though
How much money up there dawg?
Fifty thousand at a time
They shoulda fucked with a nigga mayne
Yeah I'm I'm I'm down I'm the..
How much you lay on a nigga mayne?
I gotta get to know you a little bit
I'ma do somethin for ya I'ma lay somethin on ya
Aww man that's cold blooded that's cold clooded
I'ma do somethin for ya youngblood y'knahmean?
I know you out there tryin
So tell me somethin huh
How big the house wars you were talkin 'bout?
Oh I had man many - which house?
Oh man what the hell that bitch you used to be fuckin with?
Oh shit uhh Red the red one?
Aww man that crazy-ass bitch
That's hard mayne hard mayne
So tell me man that nigga used to work for you?
Oh yeah oh yeah that nigga would do anything I tell him
How much he owe you?
He don't owe me nuttin now
I done beat all my money out of his ass
Oh is that verified?
Yeah verified
Tell me somethin tell me somethin then okay okay
Youngblood
Tell me this right here but check this out
What hood you from? 
Uh man I'm lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gucci gucci
Whats up corey
Back in the trap!
Heavy real heavy its so heavy heavy real heavy
Gucci gucci gucci gucci
Heavy real heavy it feels heavy
Somebody help me
My neck hurt my chain heavy
Heavy door heavy flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash its so heavy
Listen I cant land it I go get it
My ego gettin too big its too heavy
My head gettin too big its so heavy
Somebody help me took all this cash its too heavy.
My bitch say everytime she look up im bout to do a cook up 
I told he if she know like I know she will shut the fuck up
Introduce color the soda and I said yall need to hook up
I pimp that white girl like a mother fuckin hooker
I took 300 out my stash and I went and bought a phantom
I need some toilet paper im the shit in east atlanta
On a 90 day tour so my niggas really miss me
I couldnt kick it with them so I took my whole hood with me
And I just got out of jail ya they tried to michael vick me
I gave my lawyer half a mill and told him come and get me
Im not wit g-unit but this drum here cost me 50
This chain another 50 thats a hundred on you snitches
Heavy real heavy it feels heavy
Somebody help me
My neck hurt my chain heavy
Heavy door heavy flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash its so heavy
Listen I cant land it I go get it
My ego gettin too big its too heavy
My head gettin too big its so heavy
Somebody help me took all this cash its too heavy.
Im so confused dont have a clue man what to do.
Should I rob him or should I serve him you know the rules
I keep miami heat got more scrap then a gun show
Run up on the kid I have you moarning like alonzo
Try me if you want to I send my shooters pronto
I know u die but hell I dont know where you gotta go
Run up on me wrong try your luck cause I dont think so
This four four that I told will leave a whole size of a pot hole.
Yeah I got amigo but they dont bring me tacco
Only bring me kilos but keep that on the d lo.
Im getting my tip fade cut bouldercrest and flat show
Wish a nigga would run up on me like im brisco.
Heavy real heavy it feels heavy
Somebody help me
My neck hurt my chain heavy
Heavy door heavy flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash its so heavy
Listen I cant land it I go get it
My ego gettin too big its too heavy
My head gettin too big its so heavy
Somebody help me took all this cash its too heavy.
Uh well I think I need a hundred pack and I aint even finished
Im im in this deuplex in the 6 I only use the kitchen
Im the same with my grinder post yeah I got big bags of smoke
You fuck niggas dont call my phone unless you wanna buy some dro
I got birds like atlanta zoo bitch you a fool
I got goons like a scary movie yeah that is true
And I change cars like a rich white girl change shoes
Gotta go go get get them the money little cuz wanna duce
And I was holdin under 32 2002 you know its true
Bought em a sun valley jacob me and juice you know the crue.
I got money stacks credential now still aint spent old bred
If you wanna gladly pour some change on your own head.
Heavy real heavy it feels heavy
Somebody help me
My neck hurt my chain heavy
Heavy door heavy flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash its so heavy
Listen I cant land it I go get it
My ego gettin too big its too heavy
My head gettin too big its so heavy
Somebody help me lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Lil Wayne Cam'ron)
Pop hit it one more time and nigga you ain't alive
Homie you and i know the trooper
Thats between you and i
Got some jewelry on me yeah
Stupid jewewlry on me now
If you think you finna shit on gucci
Then just show me how
Someone dis me yesterday
What im 'posed to do go cry?
With my money chasin million dollar mission on the side
Just a chicken in my lap
Im bout to trust her then I die
Im so hood right now
They question whats gettin gucci high?
Stupid wild stupid stupid wild
Homie thats my style
Girls fightin
Hoes flexin man
Just to touch my tie
Get my squad squad
I ain't been this hard in a while
Blow top off
I ain't been this hard in a while
Stupid wild stupid stupid wild
Homie thats my style 
Every single night im ballin
Sippin on that drank girls crawlin
Mostly every night im countin countin
Niggas wanna fight but im shootin shootin
Niggas wanna fight but im shootin shootin
Bitches wanna fuck me mainly
Cause I got a catch and im famous
Im tryin to hold my head above water water
Stack a million cash I just oughta oughta
My chain cost a stack cause im gucci
My wardrobe gucci'd out like im boosting
Shine with all this ice
Homie shine shine
Wanna hate me?
Get a ticket and join the line
Fine
Wilder than a jaguar
Wilin in a jaguar
Please don't play with me
Ill put that pistol on your grandpa
I swear im so wild
I think I just may need a zanthar
If she on my team
I bet that bitch know who she playin for
Mr. coach carter
Or mr. go harder
And I like my kush dry
Like a fish with no water
Swagger stupid perfect
I might as well surf it
And if she ain't fuck me
She get the voicemail service
Tell it like it be
Bitch I do it for the bloods
And every fuckin time I say
 its for the bloods
With you just like I love
I do just like I does
And if you wanna fight
Come on you can fight my guns
Weezy man lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yeah
Its Gucci
whats up baby
Yellow errthing this time you know what im talkin bout
Yellow rims Yellow big booty yellowbones
Yellow lambs Yellow MP's
Yellow watch Yellow charm ring chain
Yellow livin room set Lemonade gucci shoes for my girl
GUCCI
My phantom sittin on sixes no 20's in my gun
Your cutlass motor knockin because it is a lemon
I like dem Georgia-peaches but you look more like a lemon
These sour apple bitter bitches im not fuckin with em
Im truly stupid paid thats just how I feel today
Im movin slow cause codeine syrup's in my lemonade
Im standing in the shade and im sellin lemonade
600 a pint da going rate off in the 
Lemonade diamond bracelet put it in ur face 
Lemonhead diamond earrings I wore yesterday 
Im pimpin wearin linon thats just how im chillon
Im smokin grits and sellin chickens corvette painted lemons
GUCCI!!!
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts
Livin out of shame with my feet up
Livin out of shame with my feet up
Lemon Pepper wangs and the freeze cup
Lemon Pepper wangs and the freeze cup
Lemons on my face watch em freeze up
Lemons on my face watch em freeze up
I got lemonade and lemon teeth
Lemons watch me mix the shit
Lemonade complexion east-australian girl be killin me
She say i be killin her i say i be feelin it
Four days then im sick of her cause her brain is lemonhead
Cocaine white exterior Interior Lemonade
Yellow wit da off-white trimmin
I call that da super drank
Yellow diamond pinky ring
Call that dere da lemon rock
Jewelry box a lemon bin my earring size a apricot
Yeah i smoke that strong alot yeah i need some of what you got
Half a pound of lemon kush call that pack the lemon drop
Canary yellow lemon watch big bird yellow top
Yellow Polo Polo slippers white and yellow polo socks
Gucci Mane be pumpin dawg he dont got all he say he got
Just stash one Lemon homie i can supply them the 50 glocks
Yellow boat parked at the dockYellowbone gon' make it drop
Flip da flop mine up the top then go buy me a yellow yacht
Lemonade my townhousein miami i want yellow carpet
Woke up in the mornin fuckin bought a yellow aston martin
Yellow bricks yellow dust yellow light yellow tusk
yellow piss spinnin whips yellow weed
weed up wit us
coward ass nigga yellow stripe you a yellowback
A-k hit your dog and u cant bring Old Yeller back
Yep gucci bang up eighty-thousand dats a yellow safe
yellow homes mellow homes you know u a scary-cat
no sleep for two days so my pupils lookin yellow
five flights six shows quarter-million on my schedule
Bangledesh and Gucci Mane niggas know they in trouble
green ice red light lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Soulja Boy Tell 'Em Waka Flocka Flame)
It's Gucci! 
Burr!
Soulja Boy Tell Em'!
It's Gucci!
Flocka!
Scott Storch Gucci Mane we back at it.
Burr!
So Icey.
Yeeeaaahhh!
We smokin' that fire endo wrist out the damn.
Window Lambo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Enzo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Phantom - they scream 'Bingo'!
Concept - they scream 'Bingo'!
Pullup - kids scream 'Bingo'!
Yo momma - scream 'Bingo'!
Bingo!  
Ahh...
It's Gucci! 
Burr!
Burr!
Yellow my watch
Yellow earrings 'n' my belt.
Can't fit in my schedule
Less booty like jello.
She know I slang kilos
Shout out to my 'migo
I call he said 10-4
Tight like Lamont Rollo.
My goal for El Gato
My house like a brothle
Fat hoes in Chicago
First class tomorrow Morocco.
Phantom with two moddles
Pull up tonight strapped
Jump out car scream 'pronto'!
We smokin' that fire endo wrist out the damn.
Window Lambo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Enzo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Phantom - they scream 'Bingo'!
Concept - they scream 'Bingo'!
Pullup - kids scream 'Bingo'!
Yo momma - scream 'Bingo'!
Bingo!  
Ahh...
It's Gucci!
Soulja!
It's Gucci!
Soulja Boy Tell Em'!
Burr!
Burr!
I'm ridin' in my Lambo
Kids screamin 'Bingo'!
Haters wanna hate
They'll get shot like a free throw.
Candy paint wet 
Drippin of my headlights
Catch me in the trap like some mothafuckin dead mice.
Every time I cut a corner kids screamin 'Bingo'! 
Tools on deck I ain't talkin Home Depot! 
Soulja Boy Tell Em'! 
I'm icey as a icicle
So much money bitch I valet park my bycicle!
We smokin' that fire endo wrist out the damn.
Window Lambo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Enzo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Phantom - they scream 'Bingo'!
Concept - they scream 'Bingo'!
Pullup - kids scream 'Bingo'!
Yo momma - scream 'Bingo'!
Bingo!  
Ahh...
It's Gucci! 
Burr!
Flocka!
Burr!
Flocka!
Flocka!
All the hood hoes point like 'Bingo'!
Waka Flocka  is the single.
Let's mingle got hoes like Wingo
My bitch a 'dime' your bitch look like a 'cinco'!
Like a free throw man I'm ballin now! 
Blew a kiss to the girls now they fallin out!
I pull up in the t-top Cutlass like 'Bingo'!
My girlfriend Regal same color as a flamingo!
We smokin' that fire lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
It feels so good to be back! 
Polow Usher baby (yeah Zone 4) 
How you doin Gucci?   
Cause the spolight ainít nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor ainít nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh
Cause the spolight ainít nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor ainít nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh
Rose by fifty 
Uh Now she tipsy 
Slow dancing in my mansion with no panties 
Want to get me 
Three girls Gucci trippin 
Thats a lot of women 
Expensive denim jeans on 
Designer heels ya feel me? 
I donít want no violence 
But damn she tryin to kill me 
She tryin to make me feel her 
Iím trying to make her feel me 
She just had a long day 
Know i got that long cake 
I give her that long scream 
I fuck with her the long way 
Cause the spolight ainít nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor ainít nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh
Cause the spolight ainít nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor ainít nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh
Bang bang OKA 
Where you want to go today 
No she is not a prostitute 
But if she was Iíd have to pay 
Say lay you can stay 
I sex you up couple days 
Tell your girl no need to front 
She want participate 
Gucci ainít eliminate 
4 girls with me 
Simply i glaze they ass 
Just like some churches biscuits 
Beat her like she stole my Bentley 
Swagger jackers pay attention 
Cali girl ATL Detroit New York girls be with me 
Cause the spolight ainít nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor ainít nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh
Cause the spolight ainít nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor ainít nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh
I had a girl left alone 
Gucci Maneís a bachelor 
Sex tape just like Pamela 
Cause Gucci not an amateur 
Mini skirt sun dress booty shorts Monster 
Her ass phat as two basketballs 
Gucci fittin to dunk her 
Pretty like Mariah 
Finer than Alicia 
Sexy just like Trina lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I think Im in love love love 
I think Im in Love Love Love 
I think im in love love love 
Love love 
She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She fallen in love 
Canary Diamonds on my fist on wrist and on my neck 
Ms. lady say she Know my name And I aint even told her yet 
No need ta introduce myself I let my money do the Greeting 
So conceited that if she ain't worth talking to then Im not speakin 
I'm so single ay lets mingle can I buy you some champagne 
And my sex game gladiator tell me are you entertained 
Im an entertainer Baby but my name aint Cedric 
I got cheddar and etcetera 
So stop the rhetoric 
But enough about me baby sweetie tell bout ya self 
Are you married or divorced dont gotta tell me thats your choice 
I like ya voice I like ya swagg 
So let nature take its course Maybe in the Future 
Gorgeous I can buy ya ass a Porche 
I think Im in love love love 
I think Im in Love Love Love 
I think im in love love love 
Love love 
She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She fallen in love 
Dont be shy you and I 
Me and You can be as one 
I cant lie won't deny 
Everytime with you is fun 
In Dubai London Paris baby we can watch the sun 
Set and rise 
Or just lay back on the beach and watch the sky 
She's been sent to me lent to me 
I feel she is God's gift to me 
Its gucci mane on the mic' 
While Zay control the symphony 
No twistin it she swichin it but she not all promiscuous 
Its obvious she's marvelous and wants to be a part of this 
I give her 1000 percent but this that 50 50 shit 
Im wealthy and Im Healthy so cut off that boy you kickin wit 
Give her 1000 percent but this that 50 50 shit 
I'm wealthy and I'm Healthy so cut off that lame you kick it wit 
Dinner date please dont be late 
Im fiending and don't wanna wait 
Sex so hot and passionate 
It'll make her hyperventilate 
Yea Ima bachelor but Im workin my masters 
And no im not a doctor but my money 
Go way past one shes hotter than my last one 
Sexy like my last chick im checkin out her assets 
Her ex-boyfriend is past tense 
I talk to her lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Waz hannin? 
It's gucci! 
Aye keyshia 
Im feelin this girl man 
But she aint right ya kno 
What im talkin bout? 
Take one  
Oooooh  
I can do bad by myself kno 
What I mean? forreal 
Okay action goin in 
Rap game paid me lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yeah yeah man I'ma ay!
Man I'm fin' to get up out that motherfucker
Them folk gonna let me go mayne!
Ay man that's cool that's cool man
Let me get them get them
Ay can I get them snacks man?
I'm workin more than any motherfucker in here man
Y'knahmtalkin bout man way to get back on the turf man
I feel you yeah I feel you I feel you
You deserve it mayne
Ay nigga y'all nigga all out here in the motherfucker
Ay man that's cool ay man wait can I get them shoes too?
Let me get the shoes let me get the
Oh yeah I'm gon' do what I'm gon do but
God damn whoop that {?} ass money really
I know that's right I know that's right
Send me somethin back nigga sheeit!
Send me somethin back up in this
Put somethin on my books man shit!
Oh yeah yeah nigga handle that shit
Yeah
Let me c'mon let me get them honeybuns
Watch out NIGGA get up watch out nigga
I got the honeybuns and the chips
This my nigga right here Gucci Mane
Guc' baby Guc'!
I ain't trippin I ain't trippin no
No go ahead pig out
Let me get the shit
Man I appreciate you baby lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Bobby Valentino Nicki Minaj Trina)
I wanna do you at cho momma houseon the couch
Do you in the bathroom or the air-o-plane.
Do you on a balcony in the taxi
Cause I can't get enough of that thing
Say we can do it anywhere
I wanna freak you anywhere
We can do it anywhere
Crazy places
I wanna freak you anywhere
Yo lets do it up in Disney in the magic kingdom
You can tug on my gissupes in my badgly mischka
I'm a b b b I'm a bag of fun
I'm a pro with them balls like And 1
Now lets go Mexico? thats where we next to go
Do it like his mama make him eat his vegatables
Call me a stage mom boy you best a blow
Or you can even call me wanda cuz I'm red to go
You know I'm spoiled lil daddy stomps the floor
We can do it in 5th ave in the department store
We can do it in tokyo we do it in taiwan
All my harajuku girls say I am they icon
Don't compare me to your ex mane
baby he a local joker
I'll take you to six flags
& drill you on the roller coaster
call your girlfriends over we can have a sleepover
buy yo ass a jeep so I can fuck you in the range rover
Pictures of her nude On a crusie We gone make the news
sex scrait sex tape ready for a youtube
Damn it turn me on when we do it in your mama home
Father long gone but gucci can be your daddy baby
I can fly you anywhere We can sex and crazy places
AirportTrain station going up the escalator
At the dome on the 50 I'm gon throw it you the center
When you hike it I'm a spike it
Girl dont act like u dont like it.
How bad you wanna do me on a scale of 1 to 10
You like the way I bend now you askin where I been
If I'm doing him Now you starting that again
I dont want to sex your friend He dont got enough to lend
plus he was doing Lynn and she aint nothing like amazing
Her stuff run deep and he don't have a occupation
I'm known across the nation Trina's that chick
Bow leg red bone long hair real thick
do me at my mama house nah I don't think so
I go too much class but you can try to San Pedro
I need the biggest mansion ocean back yard
with the newest Maybach lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Im jumpin out my coupe wit da missin roof and I'm so fuckin high I need a parachute.
"Gucci Mane do you remember me from last month?"
"Girl I can't remember nothin but my last blunt"
Bling blau diamond necklaces for every chain.
Bitch I'm Gucci so I put rims on bout everythang.
I used to care about money now these days I don't so if I like her enough I'll buy her everythang she want.
I got that 357 so don't try your luck.
Bullets have yo body hot you'll need a fire truck.
So re-up with us got white girl yeah that anime.
Today I'm shittin on rappers so I call em Jazze Pha. 
I'm not a boy so I can not be your boyfriend but if you want me to then I can be your Gucci Mane.
And if you're man can't beat it up then I bet Gucci can.
Just ask your lady and I bet that shes a Gucci fan.
Bought all my hoes Gucci most all my clothes Gucci this ain't no coogi you still can't move me.
And this is the soundtrack of the Gucci Mane movie gucci mane movie gucci mane movie. 
Lambo engine in the rear and I'm switchin gears.
Yall suckas can't fuck wit dis young nigga here.
Diamonds on my neck colder than a case of beer.
So when I fall off in the club all the bitches cheer.
In an '06 convertible my top can disappear.
Just bought a house in cali pool parties of the year.
Tip fade stupid ways I don't wear beer.
They say that Gucci stay fresh but dat nigga weird. 
Girl you ridin wit la flare so what you got to fear? 
I'm not a boy so I can not be your boyfriend but if you want me to then I can be your Gucci Mane.
And if you're man can't beat it up then I bet Gucci can.
Just ask your lady and I bet that shes a Gucci fan.
Bought all my hoes Gucci most all my clothes Gucci this ain't no coogi you still can't move me.
And this is the soundtrack of the Gucci Mane movie gucci mane movie gucci mane movie. 
Jazze Pha Gucci know they didn't expect this it ain't no secret run up on me you'll regret it.
Im like a ball player focused on my next hit.
And I hit homeruns I don't know how to bunt bitch.
And this that cali kush you need to pass the blunt bitch.
Im Sorry that I cuss you baby girl you're gorgeous.
Psych you're not gorgeous but your ass is enormous.
And if you never call me I'll be rich regardless.
Picture perfect flow this verse is a boy trick.
I got three matches but..... bouldercrest flash show seen greshem where I started....... 
I'm not a boy so I can not be your boyfriend but if you want me to then I can be your Gucci Mane.
And if you're man can't beat it up then I bet Gucci can.
Just ask your lady and I bet that shes a Gucci fan.
Bought all my hoes Gucci most all my clothes Gucci this ain't no coogi you still can't move me.
And this is the soundtrack of the Gucci Mane movie gucci mane movie lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gucci scoochie
OK paper out paper out
I'm so motherfucking turned up right now 
Someone please turn Gucci Mane down 
Bricksquad thugged out we don't give a fuck 
We hit the club shoot the club tear the club up 
So you should hit the floor get low and shut up 
Hit the floor get low and shut the fuck up 
Yous a bitch yous a snitch you a motherfucking scrub 
Yous a bitch yous a snitch you a motherfucking scrub 
I pulled up in a four door Porsche set tripping
Three young dread head niggas riding with me
I don't think they like me and I don't like 'em neither
But if they move wrong I'll red up they white beater
I do it for the hood I do it like no equal
I do it for the red black yellow white people
I just bought a kay just the other day
And I don't play with grown men I don't like to play
I'm so motherfucking turned up right now
Niggas hating on me I don't give a fuck right now
Well you niggas keep on trying like the little engine that could
You think you can you think you could I think you pussies should
Call me Gucci flocka flame I then changed my name
Call me frenchie mane la flare gucc the kid -- it's all the same
I be running gunning stunting with 100 killers riding
You snitching bitching tattle telling scared to stand beside me
I just bought another house just to hold my goons
So icy entertainment boy we just like a platoon
The colors in my chain remind me of a cartoon
I'll murk your boy in March baby find that boy the June
I wish they found him August so that's like tomuch too soon
His face was swoll and puffy about the color of a prune
Bricksquad movement and no you're not a part of it
Me waka and woo juice and frenchie mane started it
Iced out bar got me balling like the lakers
Homicide around the corner where you in Jamaica
My volume on max you boys better run
Ima nigga with an attitude holding on the gun
17 niggas I left 16 hit last nigga hit the corner got his whole head split
Told you you're a goner ima leave you dead quick
I'm like asalam-aleikum left them ... prick
Wooh the kid thugged out we don't give a fuck
Let your soul meet the sole of the bottom of my chucks
Black car black tint with the big tags stay low to the floor
My midget out bag lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Its money mane n juice man n gucci mane gucci mane 
Ima keep droppin versus 
Hotta den tha hottest summa 
Eat rappers like jeffrey domer 
Dope color shanay o conner? 
Should I name another woman 
Russian like president obama 
Wannna buy two extra commas 
All my shoes are fara gomma? 
Lightning actually hittin thunda 
Even stevie wonder wonder 
Why yo girl get home on time so much I had to change my numba 
Sarcasism these bitches need to ride em while I pass em 
I wouldnt even give that bitch a orgasim 
Miraculisly my niggas stand beside not in back of me 
So disrespect my faculty how dare u have audasity 
The ?? I cash out automatically 
I spit these rhymes so radically spiratically fatality. 
I got the green drank pills blow 
Runnin round the town gettin money I suppose 
Im the gingerbread man 
I got the green drank pills blow 
I kant get up sleep jus keep knockin on my door 
Im the gingerbread man 
Gingerbread Man I got white I got white 
Trap house bunkin up all night take flight 
Droppin 10 bases? its jumpin that white? 
Trees to that paper so im something like a kite 
Loud stanky kush and it tellin me to light 
Extra loud diamonds and its lookin like a light 
Rollin stay money and my pockets just glide 
Everday diamonds kuz they dont like to hide 
Vvs light yea so you block yo eyes 
Burnt color diamonds like a sweet potato pie 
Hit ya color diamonds?? and get ratchet like a fly? 
The brick man the bread man I dont tell no lies. 
I got the green drank pills blow 
Runnin round the town gettin money I suppose 
Im the gingerbread man 
I got the green drank pills blow 
I kant get up sleep jus keep knockin on my door lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Bun B E-40 Devin the Dude)
Kush is my cologne gone on that stupid strong 
Kush is my cologne Ku-Kush is my cologne 
Got a swisher filled up with that one hitter quitter bro 
Bubba for ya troubles on the double itll get ya bro 
Pass me the d's light it up with ease in a cirle full of G's
Smokin on them trees 
Pass me a cigar and imma buss it down quick 
Pass me the purple make sure that hoe is round and think 
Break it down fill it up roll it up and light it 
And you know it's the bomb soon as it get ignited 
Pimpin I can't even fight it its callin me to smoke 
So I fire up another square and take another toke 
I be damn near goin broke 
And my girl say I'm wrong Shit but 
KUSH IS MY COLOGNE 
Im inhalin it exhaling it it makes me more intelligent 
I feel like I'm still mailin it or sellin it they smellin it 
Kush purp strong dro. What I need cologne fo? 
They tried to send me to rehab but I said: 
No No I wont go 
Damn its really loud spendin like a whole pound 
Kush cologne haze is her perfume 
Bubba kush for breakfast with my captain crunch 
I smoke ten blunts before lunch 
No that sounds like that's too much 
Im so high Im so in the sky everybody know 
Marijuana is my fragrance probably smell it on my clothes 
I smoke that bubonic sonic I've been sippin gin and tonic 
You lil boys is hooked on phonics Gucci hooked on chronic sonic
Kush is my cologne I got many fragrances 
Shit gets so expensive but I hardly have to pay for shit 
Every puff is like a squirt smell it all off in my shirt 
Coworkers give me compliments every time I go to work 
What kinda cologne you on? 
Dro is like my aftershave 
Have me feelin and smellin so good yo I don't have to bathe 
But by all means lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Hey boo whassup?
Whassup whassup
Hey y'know I'ma I gonna ask you question
What?
Don't don't fuckin lie don't fuckin lie
What? You know I don't lie to you
You fuckin Gucci Mane?
Hell motherfuckin no!!
You fuckin Gucci Mane bitch you're a fuckin liar!
Oh my God who done told you that?
You are fuckin that nigga
Motherfuckers told me you was at Greenbriar Mall
with that nigga earlier today your ass fuckin him
I'm not fuckin Gucci Mane what the fuck?
Let me tell you somethin bitch
You better stop fuckin that nigga Gucci Mane
That's my buddy I was locked up with the nigga
I was not
He got a rash on his fuckin foot bitch
Nigga you got a rash on YO' foot!!
You want that rash that nigga got on his foot?
Please nigga
Now how the fuck you gon' call this nigga Gucci Mane?
This nigga wear Prada every day
Oh hell naw
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane
You ain't gon' call me stressin me out of my head
Louis Vuitton gon' go kill that nigga man!
Oh my God
This nigga ain't no motherfuckin Gucci
I mean yeah I got his CD but I'm sayin
You fucks Gucci Mane huh? You fuckin Gucci Mane?
Y'all probably 68 you dusty bitch
Whatever nigga!
You raggedy mouf uhh chihuahua mouth bitch
Alright I am that's right I'm fuckin him
And what?
I'ma fuck... you fuckin Gucci Mane bitch!
What? Nigga what?
FUCK GUCCI! I got more than Gucci
So what? That's right you can't
I'm gonna fuckin
That's why I'm fuckin him
FUCK YOU!!!
Mm-hmm you too lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Lil Wayne Jadakiss & Birdman)
Burrr
It's young Burrr
The State vs. Radric Davis
It's still Gucci...
And we WASTED
Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it 
Livin life high everyday clique wasted 
Sippin on purple stuff rollin up stanky 
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin 
Party party party let's all get wasted 
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked 
I'm so wasted she so wasted 
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases
My alias is Gucci Mane my name is Radric Davis 
If you take the time to step infront of my shine that time is wasted 
See I don't got time to waste 'less I waste it with the crew
Yo girl drunk she dropped it low and waste Cris all over my shoes 
Back to the bass (back to back to back to)
Man I'm racist  tho I'm not my ranch caucasion
Plus my goons smoke like jamacains 
You hot but hatin on me
You sleepy Gucci ain't hot? Homeboi you trippin
Still consider coke in my car so yo kinfolks gon keep drippin
I'm movin that 'caine like I'm moving my Range
Don't soil my name just step up yo game
I'm a leave this game same way that I came
Can't waste my breath no need to explain
Baby girl I wasted it on my bracelet 
Didn't wanna walk though we maded it
This Wasted Remix with Baby Wayne and 'Kiss and I cremated it
Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it 
Livin life high everyday clique wasted 
Sippin on purple stuff rollin up stanky 
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin 
Party party party let's all get wasted 
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked 
I'm so wasted she so wasted 
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases
Rockstar lifestyle might not make it
President got him in the White House naked
Looked at the clock and it said right now
Get a pound break it down blow it like trial
Panetela dutchie wine in my tall glass
Young Money baby big shit like a horse ass
Stacks in my backpack shades on hat back
Bugatti bat black where they do that at?
South beach Miami hoe
I'm probably with Tammy To 
My life is a video and the women want that cameo
I just want them pantyhose and I'm higher than geranimo
An I got the tools tell em boys it can get mechanical
Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it 
Livin life high everyday clique wasted 
Sippin on purple stuff rollin up stanky 
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin 
Party party party let's all get wasted 
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked 
I'm so wasted she so wasted 
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases
Rockstar lifestyle might not make it 
Wasted. Just performed  
Bitches get naked off the stones in the bracelet 
Said you got coke I brought a fiend along to taste it 
Money come fast now we ain gotta chase it 
Kush got a nigga feelin like he in The Matrix
Hennessey Patron Grey Goose Aces 
Alcohol Tobacco firearm cases 
Dufflebag double up big faces 
Tony Montana shit crib spacious 
Futuristic automobiles spaceships 
Jadakiss laced it the remix Wasted
Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it 
Livin life high everyday clique wasted 
Sippin on purple stuff rollin up stanky 
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin 
Party party party let's all get wasted 
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked 
I'm so wasted she so wasted 
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases
Big money make a pearl handle with 2 clips
Cash Money Young Money fly in new whips
All white pearl money from the earl
Poppin Don P iced out my baby girl
Catch me in the club with my mac and my strap on
Bitches high rollin white doves gettin they freak on
Get my clap on get my money on
Shinin all the time now watch me bring it home
S-s-so she love me how we do this?
Maybach lay back baby how we do this
Lauder jet G4 high to the sky bitch
Mo money than I've seen no ceilings bitch
Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it 
Livin life high everyday clique wasted 
Sippin on purple stuff rollin up stanky 
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin 
Party party party let's all get wasted 
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked 
I'm so wasted lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yea motherfucker we got big cat in this
Motherfucker la flare nigga Gucci Mane
The motherfuckin' gotto nigga it's a wrap
Then the whole industry we got
This shit in the fuckin' head lock
Yeah Gucci we fuckin' this niggas up
Cat we doin' more than fuckin' this niggas up
We fuckin' this niggas hoes we got
More ice than this niggas we got mo money than this
Niggas we independent we making major
Niggas tuck they chain in ha ha ha
I love it make this fuck niggas
Tuck they chain in Gucci
You know how we do lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I'm obnoxious
I'm flowing crazy I need to stop this
don't knock this
you nigga's lazy yall need to watch this
Preposterous
if you can fathem how you can block this
my phantom was seen on candler
you ride the transit
no options you niggas can't act like yall forgot this I'm tired 
but switch ya flow up it's so monotonous it's my metropolis 
I'll drop a 12 on ya so colossus! 
My swag plus my drop top yellow jag why they gossip 
I'm the nigga upload your twitter bitch I'm the topic 
profess it but 
gucci didn't graduate from college 
your girlfriend say's my ear rings are erotic 
my lambo doors open upward they're robotic it's gucci
Gorilla goons with the tool down to act a fool
birds in the living room it's like atlanta zoo
Lions tigers minks crocs and gators for my shoes
monkey nigga's in my hood I'm living in the zoo
birds in the living room and the kitchen too
im a tiger in the bedroom ask your baby boo
I got lions tigers bears in my hood and closet too 
But my gun can stop an elephant just like atlanta zoo 
Drop beam 
Off set things color ice cream 
white dreams 
she can fuck me that's a pipe dream 
S-O poppin x-pills so exciting 
my ex chick n ex homeboy uninvited cases of ace of spade bitch getcha wasted 
the waitress I made her reloaded like the matrix 
I lean laid with a bad bitch black n asian
On 20 headed to buckhead I'm racing baby
but take that fake jewelery off that shit is fugasey
You think that you're hotter than the kid youre mistaken 
real n you nigga's really really good at faken 
So trill I'ma keep it real I'm back to the basics
Gorilla goons with the tool down to act a fool
birds in the living room it's like atlanta zoo
Lions tigers minks crocs and gators for my shoes
monkey niggas in my hood I'm living in the zoo
birds in the living room and the kitchen too
im a tiger in the bedroom ask your baby boo
I got lions tigers bears in my hood and closet too 
But my gun can stop an elephant just like atlanta zoo 
Heads up
my partner stashin bricks up on his roof top
Whole key half a key quarter key 
gucci got more quarters than a motherfuckin juke box
Pop-pop hear the glock cock 
And I gotta Colt 45 like Billy D 
semi automatic that I keep up in the attic in shank that shape like tennessee 
I cut ya
I cut ya til the white meat 
And my partner pushin more crack than a bike seat 
I smoke the best I get my dro from california
get high n go to sleep you couldn't wake me from a coma
I might wake up if these rappers got beef I smell the aroma
but these nigga'z aint got no heart not even if they had a doner 
I roam the streets so who the fuck is YOU
southside collipark king of the jungle my name is ludacris living in atlanta zoo
Gorilla goons with the tool down to act a fool
birds in the living room it's like atlanta zoo
Lions tigers minks crocs and gators for my shoes
monkey nigga's in my hood I'm living in the zoo
birds in the living room and the kitchen too
I'm a tiger in the bedroom ask your baby boo
I got lions tigers lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
I pull up in that Spyder strapped up like McGyver
Should have brought my Phantom na but I'm mad at my driver
Pull up in that Spyder strapped up like McGyver
Should have brought my Phantom na but I'm mad at my
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
I pull up in that Spyder strapped up like McGyver
Should have brought my Phantom na but I'm mad at my driver
He so fuckin' turned up ridin' on auto pilot smokin' kush and smilin'
He drinkin' while he drivin'
Gucci please excuse me hu all my goons got jewelry on 'em
All my niggas booked up paper they get it on their own
I don't think you know me homie I suggest you leave me alone
I got so much jewelry on that I think I need a clone
I pull up to the traffic light icy as a blood light
Shinin' like a flash light I might damage ya eye sight
Gucci got that real ice don't it look real nice
I don't want your girlfriend homie but my bitch might
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
Shops at the Chanel shop that's how she shop
500 for the flip flops 'cause they ain't Reebok
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
Gotta spot in the hood no sofa just pot
I'm hot so hot stand next get shocked
I got Caucasian neighbors that's just how I rock
If you talkin' to me all the questions that I wanna know
If she ain't got no money know you gotta have some dough
Then she ask me for a drank so I bought a bottle
She was flexin' really hard now she flexin' harder
You a bitch one more bitch I only fuck with starters
So if you ain't a dime piece ain't no need to bother
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
I want the money I smell like a pocket full of hundreds
A whole bag full of kush I been buckin' since a youngin'
I know you need a man right now because you strugglin'
So if he isn't helpin' then there's no need for discussion
In Houston Texas I can spend fifty thousand on a Monday
I got fifty woman with me fifty more that ain't comin'
My pocket do the conversation make all the decisions
I only fuck with bad bitches 'cause I'm very picky
He can't buy a drink so he don't deserve ya digits
I'm polar bear laflare wrist and ear is very frigid
My charm big as a midget I give yo' ass the business
So if you got yo' swag right you know that you can get it
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I am barsick proceed with caution cause I be flaucin' I didn't do that feature with you cause you not important
Major coorporation I am the most wanted person? while you niggas getting extored I ride by fast put on the gas don't make me li-zate these brizacks stashed in my jizeans look likes some thighpads it's funny just like a dimad without no eyelash I have yo car I fuck with his O's fuck with my kizad. Run up on me son you'll run up on the wrong one keep a shooter with a gun to empty the whole? my niggas rushing at you like a cornerback blitz nigga that's what you get for talking at that shit Gucci.
Well Gucci like to drank Gucci like to smoke well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke 
Well Gucci like to drank Gucci like to smoke well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke well Gucci Mane's a G tell me something I don't know.
Word to the wise Gucci Mane's a wise guy the? shoot you 25 times my session yesterday recorded 25 lines haters fuck with other niggas shit but they don't fuck with mine. You a lie low down freakin' lie that is not the truth boy you know I keep it trill and real in and out the booth on that Goose and Cranberry Juice droptop that Cranberry Coupe' Gucci is alotta things but fasho' I'm not scared of you swaggerific catastrophic tatted down them niggas get it but stop with all of that bullshitin' you know you ain't fucking with me deeper than just rappin' yo bitch diggin' me she bought a shovel yo boyfriends the basement I'm the roof we on two different levels
Well Gucci like to drank Gucci like to smoke well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke 
Well Gucci like to drank Gucci like to smoke well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke well Gucci Mane's a G lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Errybody lookin
Lambo's get the bitches
Stove make the cookies
Hurtin these suckas feelings
YO YO YO come check this crazy flow
I gotta go and do this show
Just where is tokio?
YO YO damn bricksquad be burnin dro
Drink bur man and whitefolk wit me I got cash to blow
YO YO your nose gon grow
Just like pinochio your lying that your hot as me but that is not the truth.
oh no my left right wrist is truly extra cold.
My flow sick need them extra o's
I need an extra stove
So so I'm so icy my squad run in snow
You know it and you knew before so much dough 
I shut down the store
Hoes hoes I birdfeed these bitches like they like were crows
I pull the totum pole out and leave them bitches swole
Errybody lookin
Lambo's get the bitches
Stove make the cookies
Hurtin these suckas feelings
Space age what you though? what you think i say?
I make money different ways give banks through the day.
Hey hey damn I paved my way I payed my way I used to sell alot of yay I moved a key a day.
Wait wait way way way way back in the day I ran the A me an my who 2 shotguns
and a k now I'm gettin that stupid cake I'll put you to sleep like change the slate.
Then throw big faces friday in your face right in front the place.
One day you might get some money maybe 12 bars if you pay me scuse me girl you want some babys?
Gucci you can't have my babys one day I'mma go to magic city
see some ass titties scur some shrim and sip some liquer all these bitches fuckin with me.
errybody lookin
lambo's get the bitches
stove make the cookies
hurtin these suckas feelings
Goddamn Gucci Mane just bought another lamb
chevy with the crazy cam I pull over with that stoopid slam.
Yeaa plus I got all this jewelry on flexin like I'm serious jones bubba kush still my cologne.
Word up? Bricksquad put your birds up.
You aint never heard nothing if you never heard of us.
Blood cuz run to you you can't rep no mo lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Rocko OJ Da Juiceman Waka Flocka Shawty Lo Yo Gotti & Nicki Minaj)
Coca coca coca cola
Yulla yulla baking soda  boila boila boilin water  snorta snorta make an offer
Mi casa su casa partna
Retail shops and beauty parlors
To 
Mi casa su casa partna
Retail shops and beauty parlors
To 
Mi casa su casa partna
Mi casa so full of rahstas
More ganja then reefer farmers
You can see me with binoculars
White girl with me cindy lauper
Multi deep like frank sanotra
Gave 10 birds to waka flocka
Told him drop em more den floza
Whoozy like the morning after try me then yo skull get fractured
Ransom yo lil hansom son
So sad yo that first daughter captured
Gucci hot as boiling water
My pack just came cross the border
Yo girlfriends a major snoter
But dat bitch ain't worth a quarter
Don't give that anotha thoughta
If you serve me and you shorta
Once a half a eigth a quarter
Send my goons to do the slaughter
Hustle hard got from my father
Take no shit got from my mother
Never snitched and never will
I put dat on my baby brother
Coca coca coca cola
Yulla yulla baking soda  boila boila boilin water  snorta lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ay what it do daddy?
Honey girl Queen Bee Lil' Kim
Ay cut that new Gucci Mane mixtape
Burrrprint HD baby
Understand me? That joint G'D up
Just like my Gucci bag! 
So I guess that make me Gucci girl
Yeah lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Baby you dont have to treat me all anti
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie girl you're hotter than a campfire
We can stay up all night like vampires
Compliment each other like burgers and french fries
In the last minute I done thought about you 10 times
Fine on the out but she pretty on the inside
And every since she left its like my heart died
Baby I think you can bring out Gucci's other side
She said how you dont you trust me you did a homicide
Then said I got a boyfriend who I can't put aside
Even though the grass so much greener on the other side
And every man like what he can't have
It's funny but I came at
Baby girl so bad dis me but I aint mad
Now you wanna tease me
You should wanna squeeze me
Homie aint the kid baby he could never be me
How you wanna go and act anti-social
Bet your man dont know you like I know you soldier
Maybe one day babe you gon get your mind right
And if you looking for me you can find me in the lam
Baby you dont have to treat me all anti 
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie girl you're hotter than a campfire 
We can stay up all night like vampires
Compliment each other like burgers and french fries
In the last minute I done thought about you 10 times
Fine on the out but she pretty on the inside 
And every since she left its like my heart died
Oh Damn
Once upon a time a long time ago
I had a bitch but she felt she had to let me go
Called me out coz she cant buy cheap shit
Yeah you got talent but I'm a bad bitch
Now when I see her shorty whole swag switched
I walk right by her like she don't exist
Her car broke down and it can't get fixed
Her swag broke down and her bag counterfeit
Oh Damn!
Dats not Gucci baby that's floochy
Remember 2000 you was acting all boozie
9 years later and you're best friend choosie 
I scooped her in my phantom and I took her to the movies 
Damn
Gucci dont gotta act anti
Told her she can have me when she want
Thats when she fantasized that I can't talk to her coz I got that man pride
Ever since I left baby girl told me her heart died 
Baby you dont have to treat me all anti 
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie girl you're hotter than a campfire 
We can stay up all night like vampires
Compliment each other like burgers and french fries
In the last minute I done thought about you 10 times
Fine on the out but she pretty on the inside 
And every since she left its like my heart died
Oh Damn!
Excuse me if I sound a little crazy
But just wanna be good to my baby
Coz he been holding me down
He give me everything I don't need no one around
But you're saying you can give it to me better
Give me hot like it's July and I'm rockin' a sweater
Just for hitting the road
Would you women let go
Say you got 20/20
Her man's 2004
Maybe I'll give you a try
And keep it low
You ride
Something like a test drive
See baby I get so in time
Baby you dont have to treat me all anti 
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Bitch
Multiply Divide me Then add on the remainder
I push more weight then a personal trainer
I get my gucci duffle bag and my hat off the shelf
I'm a stylelist of a star cause I style myself
And I'm dancin with the stars dancin by myself
I was lost so I had to go an find myself
You can take all my well check's Leave my health
Cause I cant count all this money think I need some help
It's the franchise of zone 6 no jazze cheif
I got drumma boy on the track so don't hold your breathe
I'm so icy but my flow will make the soldiers melt
I sewed the game up like my granny sewed a quilt
                                              Gucci
Make a billion dollars what I'm tryna do
Gucci Mane La Flare I'm so tired of you
And if I had the time I would be sleepin too
But I'm workin these streets like a prostitute
They tell me rest up I say I leave the rest for you
Cause right now I'm chasin check's like a lawyer do
So don't bother me and I wont have to bother you
I'm just out here chasin cash like a monster fool
I got money on my mind like its changin my brain
And in the drought water spout gucci brings the rain
Aka the candy the candy cain ain't proud of the fact I sold everything
And I done did all the drugs but guess what gucci mane can sell out a club
An next guess ima have a major buzz
I'm so international I get london love
I'm no amateur my money skretches way past the perimeter
So hot I brake thermometer my cash goes 3 kilometer's
In front of you is a conqueror please don't sit on my furniture
My niggas stand right beside me but your niggas up unda you
Make a billion dollars what I'm tryna do
Gucci Mane La Flare I'm so tired of you
And if I had the time I would be sleepin too
But I'm workin these streets like a prostitute
They tell me rest up I say I leave the rest for you
Cause right now I'm chasin check's like a lawyer do
So don't bother me and I wont have to bother you
I'm just out here chasin cash like a monster fool
I know your life's borin you mad that I'm tourin
I'm in the studio until its 9 in the mornin
And I'm not even tired look I'm not yawning
I'm headed to the airport I got a performance
I'm hot and your not but shawty your warmin
So watch out for these haters lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Bun B lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Hit the mall spend 30 like the shit normal
Me and my broad nothing but gucci louis ferragamo
Drop racks get it back
Call the shit karma
Fuckin models when I want
All your hoes normal
Blowing kush
What your smokin smellin really normal
Ask me if I wanna hit it
I don't really wanna
Pulled up old school paint willy wonka
Cuts all white but the rims abnormal
Backseat on my rolls in my silk pajamas
Hoppin out in house shoes like the shit normal
Change my jewelery every day cuz it the summer
If yo bitch want my number
Chill it's really normal
Abnormal nothing that I do is normal
Ice game dumb dumb now it's even dumber
You normal
I'm so cold I need a thermal
Drumma boy track
Drumma this another comma
It's my summer
She think her ass is far from normal
It's no wonder her boyfriend keep a stupid number
My summer she think her ass is far from normal
No wonder her boyfriend get that stupid llama
He pull up in a honda
tThat's normal
I pull up in a zonda same color lasagna
My goons'll put you under
Confront us
Got guns like super contra
Stay armored
You bought your girl some 
Don't want 'em
My girl got on piranhas
That's abnormal
My bracelet cost a honda
That's abnormal
We'll rob you where I come from
That's a promise
She's a snake charmer
Anaconda
Real man eat her
Like jeffrey dahlmer
I can't stand people mad cuz
Their lives are normal
I got long money bitch
Put it on my momma
Abnormal nothing that I do is normal
Ice game dumb dumb now it's even dumber
You normal
I'm so cold I need a thermal
Drumma boy track
Drumma this another comma
It's my summer
She think her ass is far from normal
It's no wonder her boyfriend keep a stupid number
My summer she think her ass is far from normal
No wonder her boyfriend get that stupid llama
Bad bitches be stuntin me
They all wanna fuck they warnin me
So I told her to kiss her homegirl
She said 
Shit I don't do shit the normal way
Gotta fuck with me the enormous way
Back in the day humongous yay
I don't do that front shit normally
Me and flocka rockin iced out ornaments
Make a hit then start performin it
Got a club funked out like parliament
Brick squad we ain't with all the normal shit
She a dime piece but you a normal bitch
Real ?? max girl can't work the stick
Won't touch the girl nor hit the girl
She's just a normal ass chick in a normal world
It's gucci baby you a gucci girl
Het a one way ticket to gucci's world
Where night time it even gets warmer baby
Don't fuck with him he too normal baby
It's gucci baby you a gucci lady
Pull my dick out make you say 
Night time it even gets warmer baby
Don't fuck with him he too normal baby
Abnormal nothing that I do is normal
Ice game dumb dumb now it's even dumber
You normal
I'm so cold I need a thermal
Drumma boy track
Drumma this another comma
It's my summer
She think her ass is far from normal
It's no wonder her boyfriend keep a stupid number
My summer lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
My trap house chill like Morehouse I got niggas all around it
But yo trap like a whore house probly in there cooking brownies
Spell me spell me ain't nothing you can tell them
My goons all trained to go but you squad more pussy then Spellman
We stomp you like the Q-Dogs aka Alpha Kappa
Gambling with a poolshark find your body after later
College campus kush pack three blunts make the party start
Don't make me start burning kush then start burning your body parts
Zone 6 still ma I'm a model I'm valedictorian
Girl just broke up with me say I fucked the whole sorority
Retarted all the time I was bumpin' and choppin' authority
Tell it to my nine 'cause you bitch niggas be boring me
He's got made for teenagers scary you can't join
But if you have the heart we can link up and have fun
They drink up all of the fuck if the lockers were made of bud
'Cause these cowards die as a thousand and soldiers they die as one
You know it's what these bitches in Atlanta keep goin'
Don't keep up the security we see 'em we keep blowin'
No glory for the team with scarce money and no guns
'Cause a coward die as a thousand and soldiers they die as one
I empty out the clip believe me that's not a myth
I murk you on the scrifin' one question I plead the fifth
Your kush pack and my cocaine whiter than Taylor swift
And they tailor make my bread and dine collar costs me a grip
I'm cleaner than a whistle black diamonds matchin' my pistols
So beefin' with me nigga best keep yo head on a swivel
Quarter ticket every week and you dig it that's how I kick it
So you can leave the money and you can have all the bitches
Pardon my apology rappers these days not as hard as me
Avoiding me that's obviously cause they know they just frosted me
I brought to me you softer than Charmin and that's not hard to see
I own the street every beat that I spit on my fans applauded me
I'm back in the Maybach I'm blowin Kush in the back
Eight thousand dollars for the set lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
They overdosing on my swag put the whole goddamn hood in rehab
Too many ruffles in my duffle can't close this bag it's so much cash
I need ten hands now to count my stash
LL Cool Gucci Mane I'm bad
Never need a mask better check my stash you must be hallu-ci-na-tin'
First day out girl ain't you glad six supermodels crashing at my pad
I should be a model drinkin' outta gold bottle with some true religions jeans saggin'
off my ass
Please don't crash am I goin' too fast touchdown anywhere I don't need no pass
Might need some gum 'cause I'm fixin' to talk trash 'cause I keep 'em on task like a kid in class
Hater can't hit what a hater can't see
I told you forty haters sure can't see me
Wouldn't know what hit if I hit 'em in the head with a four by four standin' six foot three
Ready for my bitch crocodile the sheet
Never met a girl ain't fuck first week
You never met a G throw a $10000 white mink on the floor live on B.E.T.
Only got one life I can live
There's only so much game I can give
So you can watch the show chillin' at your crib
And please turn the music up so I can jam
But I be smokin' 'dro
I'ma fuck some hoes
I'm about a day wake up and then go buy some more
They tell a grown man what to do with his
Is your prerogative I'ma mind my biz
But I'ma live a life
Forever rockin' ice
Throwin' money poppin' bottles because that's just what I like
But I'ma live a life
Forever rockin' ice
Throwin' money poppin' bottles because that's just what I like
That's just what I like
Screamin' I'mma Be like The Black Eyed Peas
I wanna be free and you wanna be me
Best be ease if you really want breeze I'll fly you by the trees lookin' like swiss cheese
Just came home ain't thinkin' bout sleep
Bet yo favorite rapper ain't slept in weeks
Thinkin' bout me like a down street noise over soon as the leather feet touch concrete
When I'm south-beach blowin' on tree
Whippin' down the street like I'm ridin' on D's
A new Ferrari flyin' down B street girl like roll your window down Gucci Mane please May 12 lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Jacuzzi on the roof ugly hoes dont keep the time of day
cheefin on some teefa smell the reefa from a mile away
pistol in my coop try my troops you'll get blown away
Gucci Mane got long money bitch thats all I got to say
Gucci mane got long thats wht them bitches say 
I don't even gotta talk my money conversate
Intresting got a money tree I drown a bitch in money farrari with the boam beats
forgiatos and a bunyon. 
I think about 200 plus I hit the club with 50k lets keep this shit 100
got a couple housesseveral spouses in my pin house smoking ounces
came up selln keys and ounces half a pound whit gold and brown
my pants sagging grams were them down use to catch a train and go downtown
use to walk around and window shop now I shut the mall down everytime 
Everytime I hit the seen fresher than I want to be
cover of the magazine back of the limozine
 stacks in my denim jeans hoes gonna remember
458 ship me to facility  6 12's sittn outside the vacility
911 Gucci Mane ice game killn me came a long way from drug dealing waking up rich is a great feeling
couple missed steps from a grand children just hand counted me a cool half million up on them
pull up on them like a bird drop a load and shit on them
piss on them spit on them tell them hatersd gucci got rich on them.
Jacuzzi on the roof ugly hoes dont keep the time of day
cheeefin on some teefa smell the reefa from a mile away
pistol in my coop try my troops you'll get blown away
Gucci Mane got long money bitch that's all I got to say
Gucci Mane got long money thats what them bitches say 
I don't even gotta talk my money converste.
Pitty I make magic I make money dissappear
Its a tragity how clear this diamonds blinging in my ear lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Its Gucci!...Bricksquad...Go Hard In Da Paint Man...King Of Diamonds...Khaled!..M.I.A...East Atlanta...Riverdale...Queens...Ohkay...Flocka!...
Flocka!...Flocka!..BRICKSQUAAAAADDDDD Pow Pow Pow Pow... 
I Woke Up Dis Mornin Bussed Down A Swisha 
Looked In Da Mirror Like Im One Rich Ass Nigga 
Brush My Teeth Wit Hundreds Whipe My Ass Wit Dese Fifties 
All About Da Benji's Competition Cant Fuck Wit Me  
Know Dese Niggas Envy Green Bottle Remy 50 In My Semi 
Waka Flocka Flame...Im Not Friendly 
Im So Muthafuckin Neighborhood Lets Get Dat Understood 
Im Not Crossin Ova ... Dis Aint B-Ball 
Got Potnas Behind Da G-Wall 30 For A Murda Dawg 
So I Gotta Get It All I Pull Up In A 2 Door 
Same Color As Some Puddin... 
Goddamn Dat Car Good Lookin...Driver Good Lookin 
Goddamn Dem Rims Good Lookin... 
I Know You Fuck Niggas Dont Like Us But We Dont Give A Fuck 
Copy-Catters Bite Us... Dey Swag Suck 
Know You Bitch Niggas Gone Hate My Guts...Bite Me 
If You Think I Do Re-Write Me Dey Say Dat Imitation Flattery So Bite Me 
I Put Da Tre-8 In Ya Mouth I Make Ya Like It... 
Dey Say Dat Mimicking Is Flattery So Bite Me 
I Put Dat AK In Yo Face & I Make Ya Like Me... 
No Chit Chat Hit Me Back 
Gucci Did Dis Gucci Mane Did Dat 
If I Did Dis And I Didnt Do Dat Why'd I Do Dat Why'd I Do Dat? 
Put A Lil Dis Wit A Lil Dat 
But Aint Nuttin Lil Bout Dat Dere Cat 
Triple Balck Back To Back 
By Myself Still Back To Back 
Call Me Sacks Cuz I Got Dem Racks 
Got Dem Green Bags Duffle Bags Cant Hold Cash 
CEO Labled As And It Cost A Price Tag But It Make Me Glad 
Im So Jazz Im So Class 
I Dont Need No Bronco To Make Mad 
Bitch Aint Bad 
Watch Em Chest N Da Mouth Like A Man Got Mo Bags in His Stash 
Oh My Goodness She Sittin In Puddin Feel Like She Shouldnt 
Why She Shouldnt Why Mess Wit Hundreds Ride Round In Bentleys 
I Know Da Average Block Was Poppalin... Dont Like Me Cuz Im Fuckin ICEY... 
I Know You Fuck Niggas Dont Like Us But We Dont Give A Fuck 
Copy-Catters Bite Us... Dey Swag Suck 
Know You Bitch Niggas Gone Hate My Guts...Bite Me 
If You Think I Do Re-Write Me lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Blanco lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires
Now shawty stay up all night
Try to build an empire.
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire
Pull up in the club got a dub .of da brick fare.?
Vampire onstage black shades
Vampire vampire black fur red floor lamper?
I put my left foot first then I make them say burrrr she's a vampire.
Yousa tramp signer yousa cent for a pimp you been temp loser
I'm a vamp hit the hamp cop a dub hit the club glue em on tight hold em right
I'ma thug bitches love she's a vampire she's a cum finder
Every mamma in the hood wanna get behind her
She's so fine she's so white think I wanna sign her
She ain't gotta sneak around she'll shop and smoke purp 
I'm a vamp hit the cris cop a ??
Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires.
Shawty stay up all night try to build an empire
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire pull up to the club got a dub ? brick fare 
Rims cost brick fare chicks cost zip fare mr. zone 6
Pretty bitches commin wit flare vampire vampire
Club full of vampires vampire vampire suck me like a vampire
Gucci do me throw me in the movie when you see me you salute true blood ooooh eeee.
Soowoo suck 'em like a leech make em chew me if it ain't about the money ain't no talkin to me.
Giddy up horsey panorama porsey I am not remorsey I eat a dinner corsey
No he fuckin wit the right bitch tight griss?? soft lips
?? lights all them vinnegar chips my night shift the only bad bitch
Sting like a cactus these hoes is actess I'm marry magdilan
Ya I'm body baggin no more relaxin I'm biten necks full moon eclipse.
Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires.
Shawty stay up all night try to build an empire
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire pull up to the club got a dub ? brick fare.? 
Rims cost brick fare chicks  cost zip fare mr. zone 6
Pretty bitches commin wit flare vampire vampire
Club full of vampires vampire vampire suck me like a vampire
Stept aside in my vampire ride
Its a yellow lam tam steerin wheele on otha side she called me ten times
Need to let that shit ride if her old man catch her man I let that bitch slide.
... my hood to 6 headin up to west side vampires outside they be trappin all night
?? swissa's itsa wrap itsa wrap
I am just anotha nigga from the trap wit a scrap on my lap just incase dirty rats
Filthy pigs stupid fuck yousa vampire tell these snitches to suck it
Tryina suck up information probably work for tha force
Where you at filthy pig I'm not a duck stupid fuck.
Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires.
Shawty stay up all night
Try to build an empire
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire pull up to the club got a dub moving brick fare 
Rims cost brick fare chicks cost zip fare Mr. Zone 6
Pretty bitches commin wit flare
Vampire vampire club full of vampires vampire vampire suck me like a vampire
Its gucci lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I need everybody to report to tha dance floor right now
Tha world is very different now you know why ITS GUCCI TIME
Big Gucci
Trap boys call me Brick Gucci 
Dime piece time piece got my Swiss movin
Swiss cheese out a hata if he act foolish
Swizz Beats Gucci Mane call it trap music 
I think I need an ESPY the rappers best respect me 
They try to ron Artest me the gone have to arrest me 
With a doubt I bring em out 
The kid is all she think about 
She cheated wit la flare but he didn't spill a drink about her
Do you know what time it is 
Gucci time 
15 for every diamond bitch 
I'm hood rich wealthy and all that there 
All time  have no idea 
Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on 
Its gucci time!
Came in drankin rollin up stankin white boy wasted frat house wasted 
Amazin like my bracelet I'm flossin r.i.p the mike the ice got my chest moon walkin 
Cabbage patchin bouncin like bankin
Pull up in the drop top ferrari on bank head 
Colder than a polar bear sleepin in the freezer
She wish she never met me wanna catch amnesia 
Gucci mane crazy I mite pull up on a zebra
Land on top a eagle smoke a joint of reefa
Standin on the sofa spillin liquor on the speaker 
Call the paralegal cuz this shit should be illegal
Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on
Its gucci time!
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
A 100k on the wrist band aint nothin
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
You aint sayin nothin lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
1-2 1-2 1-2 burrr burrr
This is special GUCCCI
Its Gucci thatís what you mean huh..righht? right..
Ladies and gentleman showtime
My pocket on swole my rims on chrome
When I hit the club everything goes
Bottles in the air put your lighters in the air
But when I'm in here I donít really care
Cuz I ride on em I style on em
I lean on em yes I flash on em
Yeh I know thatís the way you like it huh yeh
Thatís the way you love me huh? Itís alive..itís alive
It's alive it's alive
Rims cut the eyes
I had to bring the bitch back like Frankenstein
I push weight but Gucci don't exercise
I get extra from whippin up extra pies
Iím in the hood like the mayor round election time
It's a suggestion don't park your car next to mine
Iíma start when the light hit Iím 'posed to shine
Your flow is garbage they let me out just in time
They got a section but none of the hoes are fine
They need to exit don't let the grind pass you by
I run laps around lames with my shoes untied
I jump the line walk in and watch the crowd divide
Still stuck outside that's the ugly side
Looked medusa in the eye and medusa died
This is top secret shit classified
Don't blame me Swizz was the mastermind
Can't breathe can't breathe Toni Braxton time
I got my chain moonwalkin Michael Jackson time
I keep on buying ice like I lost my mind
This bloodline of mine is supposed to shine
Hurry up hurry up Gucci on the news they say he walked out the jail rockin stupid jewels
They try and find out what it do admit it you confused
Too much cash on me hundreds fallin out me true
Big yellow wrists bright as piss bitch Iím the shit
Big Gucci called Swizz letís make a hit
2 things in this world I ain't ever seen
Are you a foreigner nigga? I need to help me get me me
Well if your stomach cannot tote it baby let me breathe
Cuz I donít check if no babe or bitch chasin me
Excuse my French bitch Iím so Gucci I so fuckin gutter
It donít make no sense to switch for none these mother fuckas
Somebody said my life is it
I said nah dog my wife is it
Now I'm back back on 'em like I never never left
Plus the boy right here I'm fresh to death
And the Black Card in my back pocket
The Conaseg lookin' like a speeder rocket
Yeah I'm zoomin' on the highway
And you should love me lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
OKAY!
Fuck it I don't care.
The Appeal!
When I fucking came to this fucking country
All I had was a dollar and a dream.
We need more RosÈ My bitches gettin' thristy 
My words like New Years Christmas came early 
Got these bitches urling my earring's perfect 
My left pinkey finger rolling like George Gervin 
My name ain't Ervin but call me Magic.
Abra Cadabra top off the Phathom 
458 Italia first in the states out of town plates just to make it look great.
I need a haircut plus a carwash.
I get out the car and they take their bra's off.
See I fought the law and the fuckin law won 
Came back on Appeal wanna new outcome 
Overload your eardrumbs hear it hear it come! 
Income Income go and get you sum.
Say bye to the Bad guy Wave bye to the Bad guy Gucci Mane the bad guy.
Yes I am the Bad guy Wave bye to the Bad guy.
I came to this country with a dollar and a dream and a choppa and a team full of killas what you mean?
Imma bad guy bad guy from start til the end
Say hello to my little friend
I couldve been a doctor shouldve been a lawyer
I go to court so much I couldve been my own employer
Imma die a dope boy always been a hustla 
Started off custom now I 
.......
I got 60 racks laying on the floor in magic city
Like Samuel L Jackson I think it's time for killing
I touched his wife titty and the nigga start tripping
That ain't proper etiquette you see the bitch stripping
AR-15 whipped his ass into pieces
Don't get it twisted think it's all about the pieces
And all about the bracelets 
I'm still fighting cases 
10 thousand for the glasses 
Diamonds in they faces (BuRR BuRR)
Your own blood taste it 
We stomp you till you tasteless
My t-shirt ain't tailored... 
You read what is said - bitch
Brick squad bossman off with you head - bitch
Run for the exit 
They shooting inside here
Parking lot gun fight bodies outside here
Police best bet come with the riot gear
Soldiers down to die here
Move to America 
Dollar and a dream and a donor picture lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Wife beater yellow diamonds lookin pretty 
Your chick took a look now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing it get missing it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back girl lets get missing. 
?? filled the wrong prescription I'm lifted I'm gifted 
the hood cant get enough they addicted 
My pinky cost a 50 plus a 50 50 at 100 quarter ticket 
She miss me she wish she didn't get so damn addicted 
afflicted she don't wanna be a statistic 
first round pick she a bad bitch a bad bitch 
lookin at me lookin at her damn she a draft pick 
elaborate photographic gots to have it 
my Georgia dick'll have her happy drizzy getting married 
riding through zone six Atlanta in a carriage 
white house with white girls and they dancing nasty 
redbones two redbones and they tatted 
plug talking Spanish like Scarface and Manny 
Ten birds ten whole thangs in the pantry 
just hit just right she forgot the panties. 
ITS GUCCI.!!!! 
Wife beater yellow diamonds lookin pretty 
Your chick took a look now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing it get missing it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back girl lets get missing. 
You think that I'm a sweet lick boy you trippin 
that's a dummy mission end up missin. 
face on a milkcart do you feel me? 
200 in the AR bullets flippin. 
I ain't gotta talk say a word they just blitzin 
I ain't gotta rap I got more raps than ?? 
stacks in my pocket everyone that's a million 
60 grand rubber band that's how I'm livin 
I got to much true religion like I'm ?? 
I'm stocked up on niggas its some denims on clearance 
gwapped up get eighty and appearance hate a pretty lady she can get it 
we can get a bite to eat lets get missing my Ferrari's a site to see half a million 
freshest nigga you done seen in a minute ?? everyday I handle business 
Wife beater yellow diamonds lookin pretty 
Your chick took a look now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing it get missing it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back girl lets get missing. 
This is the life fa lu lu lu 
I'm poppin bottles me and my entourage 
pull up in phantoms raris lambs and vettes forgiatos shine to D.U.B's ?? 
ain't no scary money plenty money girl we rich
100 bottles 50 deep tell your girls you with 
they can kick it with some gangstas smokin bud and shit
they like boy you to damn icey for this club ya diggg 
??
I'm with my boy Gucci Mane brick squad that is
all the girls think that I'm to cool for this club ya digg 
Wife beater yellow diamonds lookin pretty 
Your chick took a look now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing it get missing it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Listen to the track bitch
Burr burr burr
I'm in the zone they keep on gettin offended
But ain't did nothing wrong but tightened up all my business
And now I'm making millions everybody's social
They really too emotional I don't have time to hold them
I wanna be a billionaire me too
So I can count a billion cash in hundreds on you too
I get dirty money bitches know with ciroc on my rada
I'm on stage with diddy nicki ricky rozay and flo rida
I rock maris with the money ball like stoudemire omare
Hold the blunt with my left hand to show my audemar in paris
Look at all that I've accomplished I just bought me 3 ferraris
Spent five million in my company if offended you not sorry...GUCCI
What it gonna be
What it ain't gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Got some killa and some gats and money
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Gotta die on my life as what its gonna be be
Ima street magician and I keep on taking pretty girls to lenox
New mustang with 80 in it watch her spend all 80 in 80 minutes
Sacks are full real true religion I bought a car so sharp it makes the feds suspicious
See I'm too flamboyant they say its malnutrious I'm in a rare edition think I'm a mathematician
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me too many stacks on me too many racks on me 
Gotta die on my life as whats it gonna be whatcha gonna do gucci mane gonna lead
Still poppin bottles pouring liquor on chicks no need to lie I'm such a freak 
No need to hide you so unique
Imma try beat your back out until you weep
Said you ran outta money theres more for me heres more for you cause you a whore for me
Dont be a hoe for free cause we can ball right now we can do it 2 3 4 times a week
From zone 6 down to Camelton I pull up in that yellow thing I put rims on everything
Hoes think I gotta wedding ring
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Got some killa and some gats and money
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Gotta die on my life as what its gonna be be
Come in to leave throwin money high dont care where it reach
Spend 2 g's a week on haircuts like 456 sometimes a week
These girls petrified they scared to speak
Im in the new GT with a georgia peach
Gotta condo right out on the florida beach
I aint hard to reach so nice to meet
Every night we meet you prolly fight with me
Say its fine with me to spend the night with me
No rules everything alright with me
Now shake baby shake just right for me
Catch ball players in magic city
Show them boys how good my jumper is
Aint no niggas up in here lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I need everybody to report to tha dance floor right now
Tha world is very different now you know why ITS GUCCI TIME
Big Gucci
Trap boys call me Brick Gucci 
Dime piece time piece got my Swiss movin
Swiss cheese out a hata if he act foolish
Swizz Beats Gucci Mane call it trap music 
I think I need an ESPY the rappers best respect me 
They try to ron Artest me the gone have to arrest me 
With a doubt I bring em out 
The kid is all she think about 
She cheated wit la flare but he didn't spill a drink about her
Do you know what time it is 
Gucci time 
15 for every diamond bitch 
I'm hood rich wealthy and all that there 
All time  have no idea 
Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on 
Its gucci time!
Came in drankin rollin up stankin white boy wasted frat house wasted 
Amazin like my bracelet I'm flossin r.i.p the mike the ice got my chest moon walkin 
Cabbage patchin bouncin like bankin
Pull up in the drop top ferrari on bank head 
Colder than a polar bear sleepin in the freezer
She wish she never met me wanna catch amnesia 
Gucci mane crazy I mite pull up on a zebra
Land on top a eagle smoke a joint of reefa
Standin on the sofa spillin liquor on the speaker 
Call the paralegal cuz this shit should be illegal
Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on
Its gucci time!
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
A 100k on the wrist band aint nothin
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
You aint sayin nothin lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yeah....
Wasted....
Party....
Its Gucci....
Double dueces on the back 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back and the trunk is in the front 
In the back of the club now I'm smoking on a blunt 
Club packed to capacity I'm parked right in the front 
From the front to the back like a zoo  
Wanna ball with me baby what it do  
Shes a man eater baby girls a cannibal  
I'm a party animal shes a party animal 
I'm a party animal used to be a trafficker
bricks tucked on the bus call me the road manager (skirtskirt)
200 thousand cash I'm might put that in a challenger 
To only ride on moreland cause thats my east atlanta car 
See first I brought you Juiceman then I brought you Flocka Flame 
Gucci Mane the boss mane but you call call me ice mane 
My automall's an animal true religion ??
95 air max I just bought them from south dekalb
Baby crazy looking at me cause I got a stupid bag 
Bet mamas a cannibal know she want a louie bag
I wipe my sweat with gucci rags blow my nose with stupid stacks
80 for a show so I wipe my ass with 50 racks
Double dueces on the back 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back and the trunk is in the front 
In the back of the club now I'm smoking on a blunt 
Club packed to capacity I'm parked right in the front 
From the front to the back like a zoo  
Wanna ball with me baby what it do  
Shes a man eater baby girls a cannibal  
I'm a party animal shes a party animal 
I'm riding through the EA smoking on a Elway
I fuck with them the long way but I don't ride with passengers
2 seater road eater my car is a cannibal
Just ate up the parking lot car show I'm the champion
Drop my top for Eazy E Pimp C B.I.G.
Left Eye Souja Slim 2pac Rest in peace
But I'm a pop a bottle for my niggas doin calendars
Roll a bag of cannibus they got this shit from Canada
Shawty got her nose up like she Ms. America
I don't like siddity bitches I like party animals 
Fuck her like a dog yeah I freak her like a animal
she eat me like a cannibal she such a party animal
Double dueces on the back 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back and the trunk is in the front 
In the back of the club now I'm smoking on a blunt 
Club packed to capacity I'm parked right in the front 
From the front to the back like a zoo  
Wanna ball with me baby what it do  
Shes a man eater baby girls a cannibal  
I'm a party animal shes a party animal 
I'm still buying cases roll it up baby
They poppin pills crazy whole club faded
Party party party lets all get wasted
Iced out shawty real retarded ass bracelets
I just wanna ball hard she just wanna taste it
Lady tryna take dick baby you will rape this
I'm African-American my girlfriend is Italian
458 Italia the engines in the asset
Double dueces on the back 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back and the trunk is in the front 
In the back of the club now I'm smoking on a blunt 
Club packed to capacity I'm parked right in the front 
From the front to the back like a zoo  
Wanna ball with me baby what it do  
Shes a man eater baby girls a cannibal  
I'm a party animal shes a party animal 
Party Party Party Party Party Party 
I'm a Party Animal Shes a Party Animal
I'm a Party Animal lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Nicki Minaj Pharrell)
We've evolved from small to the tall and shall not stall been flyin too long
Ooo whoa oh! Ooo whoa oh!
Ooo whoa oh! Ooo whoa oh girl...
I be sippin on haterade 
That deep-down getcha paid 
And it taste like lemonade 
Scrunch your face when you sing it babe 
I be sippin on haterade 
That deep-down getcha paid 
That flavor's lemonade 
Scrunch your face when you sing it babe y'knalmtalkinbout?
I'm not listenin I'm not interested
My attention only focused on what I get
And I'm glistenin they call me Mr. Check
White ice lemonade red ice she thick
Got a general Phantom bitch I'm icy and peachy
So I treat it real good like hoes is squeezed
My life I ain't ever seen a car like that
And she prolly won't see the next shit I get
And a seventeen fresh and I say 
Successful healthy I live no stress
So today is the day that the big boys shine
Drop tops everywhere I wouldn't know how to rock
Got the titties of today showin off tan lines
Cash bendin in my pockets no it's not draw lines
Me and Skateboard P in the club on time
No not on time but it's just in time
It's Gucci!
 Uhh yo aiyyo
This one goes out to all of my critics
Don't you feel stupid? Look how I did it
Look how it came to pass when I said it
We can do debit I don't need no credit
Yes I'm epic look how I rep it
It's been eight years but I broke the record
Yup the record - yup the record - yup the record
Uhh I'm all that I can be
And I'll admit I'm appalled when you envy
Because you can do it too and you can do it too
I just happen to be the girl that they do it too
So I'ma bounce back and I'ma ball out
And every time you see me I'ma go all out
And I'ma win till the endin
Don't be mad when you see me transcendin
Guc!
I ball hard I should be in Sports Illustrated
Cooler as a muthafucka in a Porschelemonade coupe
And a Ferrari in your hood you're intimidated
Mutilated Maserati Lamborghini decapitated
Fed investigation on what I accumulated
Sayin he ain't real that I'm not the man that I say I am like I give a damnmuch
Ride around town pickin up stacks
Some like Louis some like Gucci
But I love money yeah I love solution
And my teenage karat ring baby girl choose
And I ain't really hard to please baby come choose 
Lounge around around the town with the top chopped off
You can call it lost and found 'cause my top stay down
And I ain't seen a muthafucka since I bought this car
I ain't seen a muthafucka since I bought the car
It's Gucci!
 Gon' lift ya glass gon' liftya glass
 Just think about the future and forget the past
 Everybody just lift ya glass gon' lift ya glass
 If a nigga keep hatin tell him kiss ya ass
 Just lift ya glass gon' lift ya glass
 Let's think about the future and forget the past
 Everybody just lift ya glass gon' lift ya glass
 That nigga think they goin hard lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
1-2 1-2 1-2 burrr burrr
This is special GUCCCI
Its Gucci thatís what you mean huh..righht? right..
Ladies and gentleman showtime
My pocket on swole my rims on chrome
When I hit the club everything goes
Bottles in the air put your lighters in the air
But when I'm in here I donít really care
Cuz I ride on em I style on em
I lean on em yes I flash on em
Yeh I know thatís the way you like it huh yeh
Thatís the way you love me huh? Itís alive..itís alive
It's alive it's alive
Rims cut the eyes
I had to bring the bitch back like Frankenstein
I push weight but Gucci don't exercise
I get extra from whippin up extra pies
Iím in the hood like the mayor round election time
It's a suggestion don't park your car next to mine
Iíma start when the light hit Iím 'posed to shine
Your flow is garbage they let me out just in time
They got a section but none of the hoes are fine
They need to exit don't let the grind pass you by
I run laps around lames with my shoes untied
I jump the line walk in and watch the crowd divide
Still stuck outside that's the ugly side
Looked medusa in the eye and medusa died
This is top secret shit classified
Don't blame me Swizz was the mastermind
Can't breathe can't breathe Toni Braxton time
I got my chain moonwalkin Michael Jackson time
I keep on buying ice like I lost my mind
This bloodline of mine is supposed to shine
Hurry up hurry up Gucci on the news they say he walked out the jail rockin stupid jewels
They try and find out what it do admit it you confused
Too much cash on me hundreds fallin out me true
Big yellow wrists bright as piss bitch Iím the shit
Big Gucci called Swizz letís make a hit
2 things in this world I ain't ever seen
Are you a foreigner nigga? I need to help me get me me
Well if your stomach cannot tote it baby let me breathe
Cuz I donít check if no babe or bitch chasin me
Excuse my French bitch Iím so Gucci I so fuckin gutter
It donít make no sense to switch for none these mother fuckas
Somebody said my life is it
I said nah dog my wife is it
Now I'm back back on 'em like I never never left
Plus the boy right here I'm fresh to death
And the Black Card in my back pocket
The Conaseg lookin' like a speeder rocket
Yeah I'm zoomin' on the highway
And you should love me lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I'm a thuuuuuuuug
Even though I wanna change my life and get it right
To the judge I'm always gon' be a thuuug
Like O-Dog 
They wanna see me undergrooooound
But I just bought a plane hey hey
Sky is the limit now; my jet just took off the ground now
And ain't nobody gon' stop my destiny destiny no no no
Ladies night - pop a bottle now
Cause the wear just came off now
From doin time in the penitentiaryyyy yeah
And if you come from the ghetto and you feel like a champion
Let me see you put your hands up 
Put your hands up 
Put your hands up 
Put your hands up 
{?} beatin on my chick {?} 
Feelin hipper than a hippie in a tye-dye shirt
Gucci Mane motherfucker and the earth my turf
Ice cold buzz hotter than July 1st
Oooh this the type of tune make a dime choose
He make it rain then I can make it monsoon
I buy a bitch out her contract dumb stacks
Suckers sleepin on me Zantax I'm deadly
I'm talkin Anthrax the other side of the tracks
You know the Amtrak; multi-millionaire still rockin amulets
I was turnt up to the mess but now I'm past that
But now I'm past that
I move stealth I'm gettin jealous of myself
Me and Wyclef and the swagger's SoSoDef
Smoke pounds of that 'dro 'dro from out West
And I ain't made at no one cause I'm oh so blessed
It's Gucci
Tired of all these late nights smoked out shit
Ain't no mo' leavin the club three or fo' bad chicks
I ain't goin to the lot coppin no mo' whips
I ain't drinkin all the pills I'm all done I quit
PSYYYYYYCH! I'm poppin wheelies with a dime on the bike
My baby right she whispered in my ear tonight is the night
I'm higher than a kite bright ice in need of a light
Pilot lighter light it homey as I lean to my stripe
Ye ain't freshest out here ye ain't ballin like me
Baby talk can't comprehend talkin foreign to more
Purple label Polo Revlon on me
I'm the big homey you a big phony 
Makin movies in the V.I.P. I need a Tony
Gucci Mane Tarantino with the tenderonis
Pour 80 bottles in her face lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
New Gucci A yeaaaa boiii... (I go by da name Drumma... Boii D-Boi Fresh) 
A yeaa A yeaa boiii
Weirdooooo... 
Weirdo... Weirdo Imma Weirdo 
Killed da pussy Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6 half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Gucci mane drumma boy 
Dis here for da weirdos 
Smellin like a bag a dro 
Flowin like a weirdo 
Shawty Mad Mad for what 
Mad Cuz she can't get enough 
Tuff luck 
Diggin Gucci Mane and he don't give a fuck 
Throw it up Pick it up 
Uhh 
She's a material girl 
You aint got enough 
It's a weird weird... 
And she asking weird questions 
Why yo engine in da rear 
Switch 2 gears then I'm outta here 
Yo boyfriend so last year 
Lets have breakfast on the moon 
Lets have dinner on uranus 
I got Venus on my penus 
And Serena wrapped round my fingers 
Lil mama wet as aquafina 
Stuntin on hoes like Angelina 
Like'em black 
I like em yella 
I like em red 
I like da meat
I'm wishin up somethin jus like da beetles
My buzz spread jus like da measles
Black N white Tuck sealed I gamble like Bugsy Segal Gucciiiiiii! 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Killed da pussy Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6 half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Gucci mane drumma boy 
Dis here for da weirdos 
Smellin like a bag a dro 
Flowin like a weirdo
You cock suckin Mosquito 
I own da Carasino 
My girl's got on dem see thru shirts
Short skirts n Perico
I'm Gucci Tarantino 
My shooterz are Bi-linguel
That's tall as Valentino
Throw bombs like Dan Marino
I'm gamblin wit her at da Valagio
I'm 40 up at da Casino
I just missed Sosha from Moscow
She say she love my single
Then she bought all of my ringtones
So I said pleasure to meet you
And I ain't gotta talk her ear off
Da freaks was really no need too! 
Women look at me n see what they don't see in you
And I see it too
Geargia Tech raw wit da yellow feet
It's a photo shoot baby so say cheese
Throw money high don't care were it reach
If you offendin you then offendin me
Feelin you you offendin me
My earings cost like a half a chain weirdooo! 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Killed da pussy Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6 half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Gucci mane drumma boy 
Dis here for da weirdos 
Smellin like a bag a dro 
Flowin like a weirdo
Mad at me suddenly blammin me it wasn't me
Thinkin his girl studdin me
She's not really studdin me
I ain't really sluttin her
Grammer so screet Cambleton East Atlanta
Pull up in that yellow thang
I put rims on everythang
Pull up on'em like dranks on me
Black wit da Georgia Tech yellow painted
40 000 on da feet
Gucci Drumma Boi and we so unique
Earing cost like a quarter a piece
That's a half a mill each chain Gucci! 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Killed da pussy Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6 half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Gucci mane lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
ha ha ha ha ha
ha h h ha ha ha ha
Now that I'm finally free
I'm about to do it again
I take my life in my hands
cause I'm as grown at man
I am grown as man
now that I'm finally free
I was lost but now I'm found
I was blind but now I see
super high can't touch the ground
life tested me but god blessin me
ever since chase ball to testimon
from a jail have a job to testimons
I have find myself clear mind myself
fuck up the grov I got a blind to see
treats I'm aware tryin to sell
beein long so long know they now
they wonna a long cool war like vietnam
but there ain't man bored in the music cell
feds will but a mans hell
but my bestfriend probably don't die here
I don't lie at you but I cry like hell
like a two because he got a eighty years
going hard see him a miles away
I guess he's gotta a lot here
let me dad ahead never dad did
great great great grand pa
had a really crazy swear
so I stand a day
digin down a grave
did a flack in hill
in a a miles away
a got a point and proof
I was tryin to raise
can't let them in mistake
that dad didn't make
I' m finally free
you re never send me away
to get everything that I have
to make you finally blessed
Now that I' m finally free
I'm about to do it again
I take my life in my hands
cause I'm as grown as man
now that I'm finally free
Squash the beat won't freein it
It is crasy so I am chilin it
I get to wanna see those cheat each other
From day who they flock or hate my mother
I was grown to hug to hug at this
I am rush to a kid who ain't child of dance
we took apeal to so power to pet
I'm a solider to understand the cover zed
Me a home boy grown in the flower zed
out of money and a work I ain't agree admit
if my head one will wish proper did
could a come down down down and see me now
wish see me now I'm believin it
wanna scrap at me I ain't goin bad
so for my all family all I'm back
and so much I can't keen at bad
I was lost but now I'm found
I was blind but now I see
super high can't touch the ground
life tested me but god blessin me
ever since chase ball to testimon
from a jail have a job to testimons
I have find myself clear mind myself
fuck up the grov I got a blind to see
I'm finally free
you'll never send me away
to get everything that I have
to make you finally blessed
Now that I'm finally free
I'm bouta throw it to day
I take my life in my hands
cause I'm as grown at man
now that I'm finally free
I was lost but now I'm found
don't put that keep me down
sing my life to go out of your realm
I say I straighten down my eyes
and I am not going back not going back
Now that I' m finally free
finally free
you'll never send me away
you'll never send me away
to get everything that I have
everything that I
to make you finally blessed
make you finally blessed
Now that I'm finally free lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I'm up 24 hours money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and I'm shitting on the cowards
Up 24 hours I'm up 24 hours I'm up 24 hours
No shit shave or shower
Until I get my money back
I gotta get my money up
I'm 24 hours it's Gucci nigga it be so hard I'm up 24 hours . New album it's Gucci
Cut up something Cory
Damn it's a good day. Damn it's a good day
Call Drumma boy and told him let's go make a hood tape
First thang I'm a do pull out my 7'4
Candy coated black things sitting on them 40 O's
24 towers 8 bricks of powder 10 bells of dro
What I payed for the flour
Don't talk about my lambo talk about my Rarri
Talk about my Phantom talk about my Harley
Brick Squad Biker boy angel named Charlie
Goons going psycho white boy gnarly
Every 24 seconds passing me the Marley
Lames tryna diss don't effect me hardly
I'm up 24 hours money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and I'm shitting on the cowards
Up 24 hours
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
No shit shave or shower
Until I get my money back
I gotta get my money up
24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
It's Gucci!
I'm going to the bank again making a deposit
It's getting kinda chilly bring my minks up out the closet
Getting kinda warm get my jewerly out the safe
If it be a problem put the hater in his place
I'm slicker than an oil spill
Sharper than a razor
I'm screaming anybody get it like my nigga Major
Finna cop a condo and fill it up with ammo
Brick Squad Bandana on I think I'm fucking Rambo
It's Gucci
I'm a killer so don't push me
Brick Squad ain't no pussy niggas
Running with them wig splittas
Niggas screaming roll one
Gucci let me hold some
But I can't let you hold none
I hit you with the whole drum
I'm up 24 hours money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and shitting on the cowards
So 24 hours
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
No shit shave or shower
Until I get my money back
I gotta get my money up
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
I'm fucking with a white girl you can call me Ice-T
Cause I got my crystals on you can call em Spike Lee
Robbin me unlikely last try I drop em
Hollow tip stopped em
I ain't have time to box him
Stunting like an actor
Running like an athlete
Strait to the money like a sprinter at a track meet
First signed Waka then I signed Gucci
Then I sign Brick Squad tell em come sue me
I'm up 24 hours money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and shitting on the cowards
So 24 hours
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
No shit lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
It's Gucci two times Gucci Gucci
Please pardon me but I'm passin gas
To my entourage no gas masks
I'm in my old school with the Georgia tag
With my Georgia ass and my red flag
I'm g'd up from the feet up
In my black van wit my feet up
And the blinds down and the beat up
Short bad bitch with the seat up
You know me from the old me
On John screen with the 
I was low key at hb
Now I'm 3d come face me
I went toe to toe with the best of 'em
I bust shots at the rest of 'em
Don't test me no tester
I rape you like Chester
I'm a rich ass nigga you bitch ass nigga
You  so snitch ass nigger
Work to the game feel some to the fame
Wear enough on me in this quick nigga
I'ma tell you twice cause it's Gucci two times
Fuck your clique and fuck your wife
If you got drama nigga you can meet me outside
Get your head bust wide for your old man's pride
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Platinum in my mouth bitch
Shoot you in your face shit
Uptown gangsta bitch 100 million dollar shit
All this money ain't shit livin how we live it bitch
Redid my grill nigga platinum to that gold shit
High price high life do this shit every night
Shoot the dice pay the price
Priceless when we roll them die
Get it how we get it bitch
Flip that nigga been flippin them bricks
500 things me and Gucci gonna split that shit
50 in banana clips twist someone we split your shit
Brand new Ferraris Bugattis when we shinin bitch
Lord rich gang nigga we got them rangs nigga
Flippin them things nigga ready to bang nigga
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
I wear red shoes in my black car
I'm talkin slick like a rap star
I'm walkin slick like a trap star
Rich young G with gold teeth
A triple black cat just crossed my path
But its a 4 door jaguar
They put me in this game I put you lames back at the snack bar
I'm black as hell but I'm rich as well
Got 3 dime pieces at the hotel
I'm goin hard they blowin hard
I'm strapped up no body guards
I pull your card told you disregard
I'm goin dumb but I'm thinkin smart
But if you try my squad Ill hide the body parts
Gotta send a shout out to the boulevard
Gotta send a shout out to bankhead
Gotta give a salute to cambelton
When I pull up in that yellow thing 
Thin pockets like I just been gambling
I put 100k in my grill shawty
thats the way that I feel shawty
ice cream on my favorite chain
cause thats the life that I live shawty.
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. OJ Da Juiceman Waka Flocka Flame)
Dirty Birds in this motherfucker  It's Guc'!
Matter of fact it's Big Gucci in this motherfucker 
Flockaveli Birdman 
Ca$h Money Brick Squad linked up to 17 
In the streets make some moves get my paper 
FUCK 'EM! Blow croak smoke on my haters 
Pop up with the real fuck you fakers 
All about my money fuck you pay me 
Huh?  Oh for real? 
Word?  Bitch! 
Huh?  Oh for real? 
Word?  Bitch! 
It's Big Gucci  mob moves you wise fools
You can't mute me my whole life I'm ProTools
First day appeal just elude me or shoot me
I stand on my word I'm like Luke in the 90's
Cocaine crazy 1980 baby
2/12 they birthed me now find me in Miami
East Atlanta with me always to the Grammys
This time? Big bucks no Whammies
My trunk slammin my track jammin
I'm too fancy; manners I left 'em
I'm healthy stealthy and wealthy - you try me?
I'll probably show a nigga how to drive a jet ski
Them Brick Squad niggaz got me like I got me
Me Flock and Baby back to Bankhead in real Bugatis
Brick Squad Zone 6 Ca$h Money whattup?
I might just fuckin buy my mom a Maserati
I got 6's on my red and black whip 
Watch them girls choose iced up like a fool
Po'n lean in my styrogoam this is how I Screw
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... ha! 
Flexin with the crew mean muggin who?
Bad attitude what'chu wanna do?
20 bottles 40 blunts meet me on the moon 
Make it make it rain now my lil' bitch strippers come together fame
Let my pants hang watch me do my chain swang
Takin bitch mane with this yellow diamond karat chain
Waka Flocka Flame Gucci Gucci Mane
With the Birdman this is how we hang
 This is what I do then I cut a damn fool
Man I come through Chevrolet but it look gray Coupe
Get my money stack it up this is what real players do 
Now if he don't get no money then that nigga need to shoot
Smokin kush at the house while yo' bitch clean my shoe
Real gangsta nigga mayne this is what I do
Say lil' potnah just hit me sayin  
So I hit him with the force this is what I do
Killed yo' baby momma; this is what I do 
Work chipped cell phones lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Cap Chill Will)
Ay yeah boyyyy ay yeah 
Hey girl I'm tearin it up and they knowin that
I had sex so much that I ain't goin back
I blow stack after stack after stack after stack
At the rack everyday and they knowin that
Well I'm blowin that and I'm doin this
And my red flag got the haters pissed
Don't reckless this not a diss
This not a threat this real shit
And don't play me cause ain't no stoppin me
Ain't no toppin me and ain't no robbin me
Cut the robbers outs I brought the goons out
We reckless we O.G.
On Acuras and they textin us
But who gives a fuck and who gives a damn?
I'm blood in and blood out on Flat Shoals with big sand
And Waka Flocka thanks Flocka Waka
Two times cause we two crimes
Two bloods and two rides with fo' nines and gang signs
So what's up? The pricety I'm icey and Icey
I'm the king of diamonds and the princess shinin
And all mine behind me
Let's get reckless let's get reckless
Oh yeah! Cap I'm in beast mode
Hell yeah I'm on reckless
If you don't like it pussy nigga come check this
Respect this or meet your death wish
There's 17 bird on my necklace
I fuck with dem and they fuck with me
Don't fuck with us get the fuck from 'round
Cause I like to pop and we sucker free
Reckless reckless e'rybody goin HAM
Don't test this cause if you do
That Smith & Wesson go blam damn
Look what the fuck done happened
Just cause you heard that a nigga start rappin
That I'm worryin about the {?} pulled out
No toppin no clappin clear the whole scene I'm smashin
Bye gone - boy you better catch up nigga
Get hit from your neck up nigga
Nobody wan' fess up get your block up
Leave the whole scene full of ketchup nigga
They are wildin on wildin on ballin they violent
I got the little man sydrome get me in the end zone
Signin autographs who's stylin?
Huh? Huh? Huh?
Vacation in Miami they say I'm swag surfin
Your girl with ya she ain't lookin but her ass flirtin
See I'm a classy nigga a thousand dollar curtains
And I just made yo' nigga mad cause his pocket hurtin
And I don't mean I'm jackin off when I say I'm chokin chickens
I mean when we rap on mo' we call that chokin chickens
I got a talkin code for all he knows it folds
Too buck to be on probation too rich to be on parole
My dawgs love me on I'm on the mic talkin reckless
Stuntin ballin million dollar flexin
My dawgs love me on I'm on the mic talkin reckless
Stuntin ballin lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Shout Out To My Set. Shout To My Set. Shout Out My Connect. Shout Out My Connect. Shout Out To My Check. Shout To My Check. Shout Out My Wrist & Neck. Shout Out My Wrist & Neck. Im A Man of Respect. Man of Respect. And Imma Nigga With A Check. Nigga With A Check. Imma Man of Respect. Man of Respect. A Nigga with A Check. Nigga With A Check.
Shout Out To Your Main Bitch. Shout To Her Neck. It's Cold Outside I Aint Got Time To Play So Please Dont Get Wet. Its Just me With My Young Boy At Your Front Door With The Teck. Aint Shit For Free. That's It For Me I Demand A Check. Shout Out To My Weed Man I Call Him The Geek Squad. I Smoke Too Much I Just Lost My Thoughts I'm Feelin like A Retard. Got 2 Best Freaks Plus Me Riding In That 2 Seater. They Face To Face. Im By Myself But They Huggin Like A Wife Beater. Shout Out To My OG For Him Im Puttin In Work. Shout To Them Real Killa's Thats Puttin In That Twerk. Wooh Da Kidd A Real Nigga. Shout Out To My Set. Shout Out To My Bruler For My Wrist And Neck. Yes.
Shout Out To My Accountin lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I love things about her
I love the way she treat me
I love the way she fuck me
I love the way she suck me
I'm a trap-aholic all I do is ball
Tear the mall down now trick
Don't flag me down. See me down town 'Rrari
I didn't mean to shit on you. Excuse me sorry
Verse so slick make my video marvelous
Polo to the floor. Ralph'd down like Carlton
Try the CEO they goin' put you on a carton
I didn't mean no harm but my diamonds are dumb plenty rocks on my arm
Me & Rocko the Don East Atlanta the Slum
Where I'm from got a gun in the club havin fun
And after it's done no more coaches to call it
After party? Bachelor party they shoulda called it
I love things about her 
I love the way she treat me 
I love the way she fuck me 
I love the way she suck me 
Man I love the way she shake it
I like her cause she groovy
Love to see her naked; I love to watch her move it
I like her cause she the coolest
A good head on her shoulders I love the way she use it
Aye I like the way she fuck me love the way she suck me
Love how everytime we play she catch it like rugby
I love she know what's up with me she love me cause I'm gudda
I like a lot about her; though but still I don't love her
Still super cool though yeah she my lil buddy
She be sharper than a pencil
Yeah she my lil cuddy
Shawty say I'm dirty but when I see her she wanna hug me
Super swagger charismatic all my bitches love me
I love things about her 
I love the way she treat me 
I love the way she fuck me 
I love the way she suck me 
I love how she be swallowin my nut then she be throwin me up
I like the way she fuck but still I hate when she be blowin me up
All the busters just sweat her only ballers can get her
She a flipper I love how she do whatever I tell her
Yeah I like her a lot but still don't love her at all
I hate pussy ass niggas and I'm in love with the mall
I got a crush on white diamonds and I got a thang for that kush
That sour diesel my favorite you betta watch how you look
Quick to take ya lil diva and treat that ho like a slut
She was suckin on Gucci I had my dick in her butt
You know I'm bad bitch crazy 187's my favorite
Infatuated with money lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I know that I need ha
But dont know how to treat ha
But you deserve better baby better baby better baby
You deserve better baby better baby better baby
Though I wanna keep ha
Be jealous if she leave uh
But you deserve better baby better baby better baby
You deserve better baby better baby better baby
And I cant hold you back baby
I really think I love her but
I dont think I know I could
I know I wanna fuck her but
Really thinking if I should
How can I believe her
I dont even believe myself
Tell me how to trust her
I cant even trust myself
And I cant live alone
At the end of the day cant fuck myself
I told her Im confused
And she told me to go fuck myself
Now Im alone in this world
Nothing left but me
But I was born all alone
So I guess thats how its meant to be
But she was sent to me
And I didnt recognize
And I blame it on ma pride
On a fact gon send aside it
Eyes redder than a rose
Heart bluer than a violet
My heart broke and Im heartless
And aint no need to hide it 
A heart breaking is heart broke
Imma tell the truth cause we grown folks
Why you lookin through ma phone fo
Thats why we ended up none more
You done know me like Chan Doe
Done left me up in my condo
Looking for you like Wardo
My nose open like Gunzo
I think I love her I dont know
I like her alot but she loco
She crazy swagged up lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ungghhhhh... Gucci!
 It's yo' time
I'ma give you the blueprint
Ain't nobody harder
We got money in the matress old money
I got credit cards Gucci got cash money
It's the billion kid Gucci we went half on a bank
I'm a walkin {?} happenin I live in a tank
He go hard in the paint he got hard at the bank
Waka Flocka Gucci Mane I'm goin hard on the drinks
And I get pussy every day I guess you is what you drank
Cause y'all pussycat is bigger than the diamonds in my rang
Who is I? {?} done run off with the scrubs
Duck or neck but you didn't share the love with the thugs
And the rap game paralyze the street life I'm not sellin drugs
I'm selling CD's globally my Brinks truck pullin up
I get offers for a million dollars just to throw it up
I made two thundred thousand today I feel like throwin up
Gucci
I got Hummer trucks pullin up but I'm buyin other trucks
Master P and Gucci Mane done pulled up in the wealth with our
Brinks... we threw our rap in the rink
Chop Squadron pullin up drophead pullin up
Drop dead I don't skate froze up we pullin up
Brinks... we threw our rap in the rink
Up the {?} bad nigga Brinks
I'm 'bout to pull a Mike Vick on 'em dude
Get money street boys; I love the kid
Iced green Peedy I got the streets heated
I left a minute now I'm back the game really needs me
Gucci Mane called me man I got that flipper
Everybody come and tryin to get in my hair for dipper
With that dola trap boy granolas
Brick Squad soldiers gon' run 'til it's over
I had chills for a minute still screamin No Limit
Had changed my life lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ay yeah girl... ay yeah 
(Brrr brrr brrr brrr) Gucci 
The pretty bitches love me them bitches love me 
I think them bitches love that I'm a bottle popper 
She caught up in my love triangle
I used to sell them things in triangles
And that was when I was in the eighth grade
Now I'm self made; and I'm high paid
Nigga you ain't even in my tax bracket
I'm pulling Gucci denim off the clothes racket
Gucci man it's the Gucci crew
Brick Squad rappers nigga who are you?
What it do nigga? What's poppin?
By them 30 next summer we droppin
We back again yeah we back again
And we gotta win she wanna be my friend
I pull up in that black and red Challenger
A com-pe-tition where the challengers?!
I pull up in that 'Rari with them other ones
And thinkin 'bout it I'm goin and gettin another one
Gucci Mane I run the land from Africa to Pakistan
Understand and overstand Gucci Mane in Overland
What a fine ass yellow bonnnnnnnnnne
She got it goin on
Now I got so many chains on they don't know what's goin on
Find your number in my phone and don't know what be goin wrong
Find the number in my phone and don't know what be goin wronnnng
She had it goin on
Brr brr ay lemme see okay
A-T-L they know my name Magic City throw some change
Flyest nigga in this bitch and I don't even own no chain
Take yo' chick with no complaints she say my shit oh so great
And that's why she been feelin me.. and y'all got that novocaine
Go for mine that ball shit forced to rock 'til I'm nauseous
Stuck up when she sober when she rollin got no conscience
She OD's on Louboutin she work at that nudie bar
Told her do it for the money get your camera nudin on
Green we can all burn 'til I am the highest man
Y'all a bunch of pussies why the fuck y'all near the lion's den?
Paper planes pilotin lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. 8Ball Waka Flocka Flame)
Yahhhhhhh it's Gucci!
Birds go!
Birds it's Dirty Birds
It's Gucci
I'm an East Atlanta rider
You gon' fuck around and get ya whole clique tied up
My brain fried; I'm on the skull of the Impala
I'm high on kush it's 'bout my money mixed with power
So keep it brief
Nigga two hundred thousand in the fleece
Pistols two hundred twenty on the dash
System I pull off it look like a flash
Picture cheeeeeese!
I got the 24's those 74 for 2's
When you was on the stage Gucci was on the news
But bitch don't pity me I look like Mr. T
I pimp like Soulja Slim but I think I'm Eazy-E
It's Gucci
Patty cake patty cake I hop around with pancakes
I touched down with hash browns and serve 'em with the pancakes
Patty cake patty cake I hop around with pancakes
Got flapjacks hash browns and syrup in my crack space
Patty cake patty cake I hop around with pancakes
I touched down with hash browns and serve 'em with the pancakes
Patty cake patty cake I serve you niggaz pancakes
Flapjacks hash browns and syrup in my crack space
It's Gucci
I'm the young nigga all the old head love dawg 
I ain't lettin shit slide this ain't baseball 
Banned in 45 states cause I'm too real
Waka Flocka like a Gucci album I'm hard to kill
I don't think they fuckin with me whether I'm locked dead or in jail
I'm from Clayon County Riverdale so I'm supposed to give 'em hell
I'm aware the grass got snakes I'm aware they gon' hate
You too late I'll be damned you take this dinner off our plate
Dirty Birds Dirty Birds twenty-one gun salute and got killed
It's Bankhead Brick Squad out in U.K. these niggaz ain't fuckin with me
Mob up off that run day SK's AK's
Throwaways I let that triple up like {?} triple beam we crackin
Gucci Mane Waka Flocka and ya boy big Ball
Hard from the start; I ain't never been no fuckin lame
Here I go with Waka Flocka here I go with Gucci Mane
One of a kind - that Memphis 10 runnin through my bloodstream
Ghetto superstar - man them hood bitches love me
Cup full of that ol' purple drank pullin on some of that stanky dank
Pocket full of Benny Frank and bitch what the fuck you thank?
45 hollowheads in my stout yellow purt{?}
I hope one of these ol' bitch bitch-ass niggaz don't cross that line and get hurt
Money what we came to get money what we represent
You ain't talkin 'bout shit if you ain't talkin 'bout gettin it
Hard hustle never fold forever I will be cold
Forever I will be big Ball lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
A hundred bales of that mid shit; hell yeah
This that shit that get your kids rich; hell yeah
Hundred bags of that kush shit; hell yeah
This that President Bush shit; hell yeah
This that arm on my kush shit
My girlfriend think she President Bush bitch; hell yeah
And I'm gone off that lean shit
My brother Duke keep on sendin me that green shit; fuck jail!
Gucci time and I'm hood rich
I'm in that Zone 6 I throw it like the first pitch
My yellow 'Rari in the front and I parked it
A black chick in some heels match the carpet
I'm pullin up to the club like I own it
Ain't with that bullshit Gucci don't condone it
My tolerance get low with the flexin
I woke up bought my main chick a Lexus
I be the Brick Squad young'un leave you stankin like a Funion
All these other rap niggaz toed like a bunion
I'm B.S. and you BS but I'm Brick Squad and you bullshit
Pistol like my chaperone we goin on a school trip
Places that you never seen blowin on that stupid green
Rollin on the stupid beam hit the scene in limousine
Codeine promethazine diamonds in my pinky ring
Nigga what da fuck you mean? Brick Squad dream team
I got  naw I ain't Drizzy
Money make the world go 'round that's why I'm dizzy
Standin behind Guc' and Flock they like who is he?
Slim Dunkin in this muh'fucker; cut the chizzy
It's Big Gucci excuse me while I ball
Until my release my nigga no lights out
Lights out creep on in silence
Why do I pull more violence
We non-violent while my tattoos smilin
To remind me of the time they robbed me
With no problems now my problems solved
And it's revolvin around all these guns yeah
And my condo stretch from here to Compton
to Bouldercrest Roberta who the same function{?}
That's somethin to those who have nothin
No bluffin lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
It's my year it's my year
And look at my chain my watch and my ear
It's my year it's my year
My engine in the rear because it's my year
It's my year it's my year
Just look at my chain my watch and my ear
And look at my gear and look at my gear
My engine in the rear because it's my year
It's my year it's my year
And look at my chain my watch and my ear
It's my year it's my year
My engine in the rear because it's my year
It's my year it's my year
I do it on the strength how I be the pimp
It's my year it's my year
My engine in the rear Drumma Boy
It's my year
It's me not you
I don't want you no mo'
I swear I don't care
I'm turnt up I'm burnt up
And turned out and you're not
And I am the Gucci Mane
Don't get it be like dammmmn stop
They know who I ammmm hot
I'm icy as a fool
I knowwww I knowwww very well very well
I made this well uh-huh
And I know A-T-L very well
I make mail fuck 12
Go to Hell A-T-L
I know them well
Play-errrrr
Bottle drunk I don't sailor
And I'm tailored
But I keep tippin waiters
Youse a hater
And you should get some paper
I got flavor
Big house no neighbors
I'm so papered
I drop wax on scraper
I'm a baker
And I'm bakin up cake-r
I'm a player
Bottle drunk I don't sailor
And I stay lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Slim Dunkin Wooh The Kid & Waka Flocka)
 It's Gucci
Funky feet  funky feet
Pull up with that stupid beat orange Camaro trick or treat
Stupid geek  it's super street
It's a Super Sport nigga trick or treat
I flee the broads stars and cars look like they just broke in the mall
Home girl seen my auto mall and said let's go and have a ball
Hold applause change your drawers Big Gucci not Santa Clause
Young'uns might just break the law whole Squad be like 
If what you seen ain't what you saw Scary Movie Saw 3
East Atlanta whassup Santa Alabama ride with me
Glock nine on me hot rod lonely
Gucci ridin double wides tractor-trailers ponies
What'chu mean? Bag of beans same boy from the magazines
Two AK's three magazines make a stupid horror scene
Orange Ferrari purple trees whippin like on gold D's
Pimpin like I'm Goldie listenin to the oldies
It's Gucci!
Funky feet  funky feet
Pull up with that stupid beat orange Camaro trick or treat
Stupid geek... it's super street
It's a Super Sport nigga trick or treat
Look at me nigga look at me
Pull up in my new Ferrari pull up and say trick or treat
And after a week I cop another skreet
A pretty car nigga trick or treat
Okay our whip our feet ridin down our street
But got the broma{?}er'y T turn your wife into a freak
Snatch the mighty iron whip I gotta eat nigga
You lookin sweet nigga {click clack} trick or treat nigga
Trunk on thunder candy paint mumble
Why your tint so dark? Bitch I'm ridin under
This Brick Squad nigga what it do
Ye ain't Brick Squad pussy nigga who is you?
Money over e'rythang even you
If the General call then you better shoot
BLAK BLAK BLAK BLAK BLAK you know the dump
Wooh Da Kid and Guc' truth gon' pop the trunk
Louis Vuitton come take a flick
You ain't takin shit but you can take a click
It's a nightmare when I pop up
Got the top cut wit'cho lady chick
We super geeked I'm hella high
Her mouth wet but mine stupid dry
I'm movin slow like a zombie
while she woppin me she boppin me
Got black ice call me Black Ice really heavy around my neck
I just blackout call me Blackout look and shot at a nigga that flex
Now I'm bustin at him I'm gunnin at him
He runnin real quick with those funky feet
He dead man I'm toe taggin
I'm a black bag him in white sheets
I'm a flatline him it's over with
And he ain't comin back no heartbeat 
Brick Squad some rude boys
Don't play around don't fuck with them
I pull up on your block
Let some shots off you stuck with them
I'm a G-A N-G S-T A
All these {?} girls call me wantin to fuck
And Monique {?} the old ladies wanna fuck me
I poke you to death like Chucky
Came up in one year they say I'm lucky FLOCKA!
Semi little hussy {?} that's a get money getter
All my girls got Waka Flocka on they {?}
Don't need a school girl need a down-ass slut
Ten pack of bills I wanna roll and bite
Fuck police fuck police no license on me
In the club V.I.P. no ID cuz got funky feet
Ten left twenty right dead guys on me
I'm on E it's Olde E I think I'm 'bout to O.D.
Some fly girls wanna swat me
And it's gettin out of hand like I lost my arm
Off the chain like I lost my job
Hold my lotto ticket girls love my charm
Ballin like pimps shit doesn't switch
{?} ill they love my sign
And I think I'm James Brown I got funky feet
Say Flock can't rap lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
{LISTEN TO THE TRACK BITCH}
Get out my lane 
I'm in the yellow thang on the expressway
That bitch so nasty it might give a bitch road rage
Get out my lane - Ferrari Boyz
You see the chain - So Icey boys
I'm ridin in a mansion but I don't think I'm fancy
But I cut the blinker on and my diamonds dancin
Once upon a time a little while ago
There was a nigga in a 'rarri with a pretty yellow hoe
Got my head held up cause I think I'm handsome
As the media portrayin me as Charles Manson
And I coulda bought a Phantom road here four deeper
But I'd rather pull up solo in the yellow two-seater
Gucci!
Get out my lane! Ferrari Boyz
You see the chain - So Icey boys
Riding in the 'rarri same color as Bacardi
She don't like me shawty man she like my car
Damn near wanna fuck my chain damn near wanna fuck my name
Wanna bust every nigga in the clique I claim
Deep-dish rims ain't no offsets mane
That's how me and Gucci Mane came
Iced out poppin shit drunk switchin lanes
I rock bandanas like Santana screamin out 
Made a million off my words they in love with my country grammar
That's the antenna cause these rap nigga careers got static in it
I'm a walkin meal ticket just wait a minute
Bank account got commas in it all black 'rarri know the llamas in it
I hear them talkin gangsta shit but I know they lame as hell
One thing I ain't gon' do pussy nigga you scared of jail
My name ring bells my engine loud as hell
Shit my 'rarri cost about 230 bails
I'm just lane changin lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. YG Hootie)
Uhh uhh
Ayy Guc' Mane we good right now man
Get money good man
It's a white girl in town - name is Cocaine
It's some dirty birds in town - Gucci Mane & Waka Flame
We fly in on buy-in say you got more birds? You lyin
You tryin and lyin you boys ain't supplyin
I pitch like Nolan Ryan got cocallina flyin
My partners stick up kids duct tape rope they gon' tie in
In the bushes they lyed in all night that's my word
By the end of the mornin they left with them birds
And I'm gone off that purp' and I'm slurrin my words
I swerved in my Benz bangin my 4G's on the curb
The lean the herb pay me like the first
You cross Brick Squad get hurt
I got work - Gucci
My homeboys will get you pay you on the 33rd
Two pints of lean'll have me slurrin on my words
Undertaker car triple black drop bird
Stomach full of money so hundreds I'ma burp
All the hoods love us like the 15th and the 1st
Two pints of lean'll have me slurrin on my words
Undertaker car triple black drop bird
Stomach full of money so hundreds I'ma burp
All the hoods love us like the 15th and the 1st
Five grand for a head shot
Boy don't be no Flintstone and get yo'  nigga!
Triple red drop offsets through the parkin lot
Where I'm from young niggaz shootin at the cops
Where I'm from they fakin
My hood right side nigga green flaggin
Lay yo' ass down if you do too much braggin
Three case four Glocks nigga that's swaggin ughh
Penalized then goes the Packer-Man
What'cha hell you would think it was a cracker-man
I don't know 'em bah-bah-bah-bah-back'em man
Fuck 'em den! Throw my stash in the club that there'll do
Every girl gettin past you
Send an ambulance on that ass I want that rent due
Robbin every nigga that ain't Hit Squad Blood or Piru
FLOCKA!!
Half a million dollar jewelry like 
Niggaz screamin they want beef I'm like !
My album didn't sell so I'm layin niggaz down
Shootin every nigga that burst leaves a fuckin frown
Forty carats on my bracelet my Polo black
Niggaz talkin like they want beef I'm wantin that
Seven grams in the Swisher I'm gon' solo that
Ridin around with my strap like 
All these rap niggaz hold up lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Brick Squad monopoly 
You know I'ma break her
Bitch come and choose up!
I just be on hard mayne
Me and old Gucci Mane
Shhh be quit shhh be quiet
She talkin like you wired her ass think she hired
Take you to a place real private
Vick you down and let you suck my private
I have no feelings - I'm a cold hearted nigga
You might catch me wit'cha sister autograph my picture
I won't never kiss her pills weed and some liquor
He might fuck 'round the liquor I'm gon' get her Visa
You know I'ma break her I don't hear no cake bruh
Send her out get cake bruh bitch be back by 8 uhh
Sunshine my money maker TT that's my down bitch
CC got real loose from that you would give shawty a stupid check
You know I'ma break her
Bitch come and choose up!
I done stepped my game up
Got a house outta her
She done bought me rings bruh
Got a chain outta her
I just pimp hard mayne
Me and old Gucci Mane
Break-a-Bitch College sugar pimp knowledge
Skeet in her mouth and the bitch just swallowed
Give her guidelines and the slut just followed 
I'm on mine I gots to grind my rhyme for a reason
Yo sis is a streetwalker workin procedures
Baby bought me this baby bought me that
Gave me a brick and I turned it to crack
Make me wanna fuck her gotta come back
Lil' short thang with a ass so fast
Menages massages she too wild no flaugin
She choose up I po' up I'm two up she bobbin
I'm a nuisance no nonsense
I'm a monster no conscience
No option who want it? Haters get left lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Frenchie)
200 pounds I grew that shit You knew that shit I do it that shit
Pulled up with a hundred pounds bails and bricks filthy rich
All I know is grind time nickle dime slime time
I Intercept like Prime Time
My mind gone like nine times
Call it engineering Gucci might steal it
A new European everybody peekin
Is robbing season goons out searching
Lurking surfing call it reimbursement
Southside on the beat Gucci on the street
Let me take a listenÖ why not drive a 
Wow pow bricks right now
Slip and slide I'm glidin by
But I'm so high I just might die
Flocka told me go in! Roco told me go in!
PJ told me no end my hand I will throw in!
Gamble with the joker and end up in a shoot out
Wooh he on the lookout Juice Man throwin cookouts
Iím in the strip club the girls looking like zombies on the pole
Theyíre screaming feed me feed me feed me!
And when the club  we monsters making scary movies girls be
Screaming screaming screaming screaming! 
In the strip club shorty throwing up the racks
Gucci come my back fifty stacks in the back
Mean mugging? Shorty I ain't worried bout that
Brick Squad Monopoly: we a wolf pack
Rolling in my zone baby make the bootie clap!
Slapped her on the bootie like Iím trying to hit that
How much it cost cause I charge your stack?
Bottles in the air hell yeah Iím stoned!
Leaning left to right double cup styrofoam
Iím full of racks just stacks on stacks
Never been a  only shop at Sax
Drinking Remy by the fifth
They say Waka Flocka got a gift
Six speeds I just shift
Every blunt I lift
I'm higher than a motherfucker think I might fall
Bad bitches always calling me
LeBron fucking James I ball my G
Shut the fuck up bitch clap that ass
White fans screaming "Waka Flocka you rad"
Always catch me with a fucking red rag
I got em like ah...
Love this nigga two hoes slobbering on the pole
Screaming out loud I love this nigga!
 seen the same girls that work in Perfections
They say they came straight from Magic City
So I know don't gotta teach ëem no lesson!
Girls  my songs on
Put down those pom poms
Oriental I think she's from Hong Kong
In the club full of ho zombies
Screaming out feed me
But I just got this stacks girl it ainít gonna be that easy!
Four girls leaving they coming
All girls fucking they coming
Just like Gucci said I left a hundred dollars on the dresser
Just to show the bitch it ain't nothin'
If you think you coming home with me youíre fucking
You got much potential I turn you into something
Get in my V lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Titi Boy aka 2 Chains)
Ughh Flocka! Gucci! 'Rarri Boyz!
Ay Tity Boi what's happenin mane?
We turnt up mane shout to the whole city mane
Uhh uhh uhh 
Half a pint in my two liter I just slow sip
This that mud drank my 'rarri go hard in the paint
Pulled up dancin right hopped out flexin ice
Niggaz'll give they life just to live my life
Bitches yellin loud walkin through the crowd
With a triple cup 
'burry game clique flags in the sky
Walkin through the God I swear to God I'm in the sky
Astronaut high I'm that guy
Stacks on stacks racks on racks
I keep mud on standby
Got some real niggaz that you cain't even stand by
I just slow sip 
Styrofoam cup 
This that mud drank fo' ounces and a one liter
This that mud drank half a pint in my two liter
 styrofoam 
 styrofoam 
This that mud music this that mud drank
Styrofroam cup 
Styrofoam cup we po'n up Gucci Flock' blowin up
We so fuckin up all our foes they be duckin us
I'm a jack boy you a jackass
You must dress in the dark with yo' tacky ass
I'm Big Gucci cool guap'
Got 80 grand in my khaki pants
Tity's on the scene yeah that's my team
BSM yeah that's my scene
I'm a millionaire that's reality
You want a mill' that's a fuckin dream
I'm on mine got two nines
Throw my watch in the air to let time fly
I'm DUI I'm too high
You heard that young nigga I'm too fly
Thugged out young nigga I'm 'bout my bread
Don't want no pussy girl givin me head
We ain't even gotta stop to use the bed
Ay-ain't no need to fuck up the spread
I'm drinkin I'm thinkin
All the real niggaz we linkin
My Brick Squad all be down on hangin
Sippin lean done got me famous Gucci!
Yeah mud mud Gucci!
This that kickstand campaign
Over they head like an airplane
Brang yo' gurl to the club 'round me
and my niggaz then she fail game
2 Chainz I'm too much
Every time I fuck I get two nuts
Every time you see me I'm with two sluts
I ain't in or out 'less the Coogi cut
Promethazine contraband
Told them folks we a country band
Brick Squad duffle bag
Bunch of knucklehead niggaz sayin 
My bread long like Subway Louis' on unlazered
And I ain't talkin money when I hit you with this one caper
I need two mo' two liters
I got bass like two speakers
It must be 
cause these niggaz out here 
All we doin is slow sippin
I be on that codeine
I got fo' zips
'Bout to po' it on this ice cream lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Rocko)
Yeah I stay busy stay out my business
Cause I ride Benzes ay that's my business
See all my lenses are dark blue tinted
Cause I don't LIKE people in my business
In my business I run my business
If ain't 'bout business then I'm not listenin
In my business I run my business
If ain't 'bout business then I'm not listenin
If it ain't 'bout paper there ain't no convo
See I ride scrapers and y'all ride Volvos
But that's my M.O. I go where you won't go
I smoke what you cain't smoke I'm rich and you're flat broke
See I'm not a blogger and I'm not a jogger
I'm more like a mobster just call me a baller
A Chevy Impala sittin on them 40 O's
I got a lot of things but I owe 'em to Sergio
Gucci's a hustler and he got clientele
Always got somethin to sell just pullin your coattail
You hate me then oh well I checked out a hotel
But now I get fan mail my game at a stansstill
I checked out a hotel you hate me then oh well
But now I get fan mail my game at a standstill
Go spin like a windmill I lower than windshield
See I got a good deal but know what the hood feel
All I know I'm one real nigga 
Grew up 'round robberies and drug dealers
Dutches no Swishers I'm the new God Fisher
Can't be Nino Brown cause that fuck nigga snitchin
Catch me on the Grove chillin where it count
It's not just metaphors pussy nigga you don't trap
Why they in my business? My name rang bells all through prison
They run up in my house cause they heard a nigga pitchin
Bitch that's my decision! Why you worryin 'bout me?
24 years old I'm a fuckin O.G.
Riveralde in this bitch young and rich macaroni bitch
Two-door 6 B watch me shift touchdown ref get off my dick
Middle finger when I see the  fuck police
I got your salary hangin off my neckpiece
And to every nigga don't like me may you rest in piece
When I die label me a motherfuckin beast
Uhh uhh they goin for 30 just sold 20
Got pajamas on and I still feel like money
 Tied this down my new hoes 20
The Beemer made me look 30 the Benz on 20's
Hell she talkin businee and lookin for it you got any?
The L stash smash well hurry hurry bring plenty
 The full truck gank came we hungry in the streets
This dry town ain't rained for weeks
I'm still posted in the paint try and stay on my pivot
I might travel in a minute they better hurry and send it
 We independent lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
My pants saggin low like a young nigga
I'm twistin up the drough like a young nigga
I am in the club thirty deep like a young nigga
I'm still in the streets like a young nigga
Like a young nigga this one is for the young niggas
Where ya from nigga this ones for the young niggas 
Yeah most my niggas rob they ain't gotta job
I got a couple young niggas that'll take the charge
So I don't bring a bodyguard I bring my entourage
Stop the track pause... R.I.P. to Camoflouge
I am about to pull my yellow 'rarri out the car garage
I got some young niggas that'll hide your body parts
Twistin fingers in the club I'm a young nigga
Got them old niggas sayin I love that young nigga
Your whole click buyin shots y'all some broke niggas
Pants saggin flag hangin I'm a young nigga
In the car strapped up with them guns nigga
We shootin at the police just for fun nigga
Yeah most my niggas rob they ain't gotta job
I got a couple young niggas that'll take the charge
So I don't bring a bodyguard I bring my entourage
Stop the track pause... R.I.P. to Camoflouge
I am about to pull my yellow 'rarri out the car garage
I got some young niggas that'll hide your body parts
Ray Charles vision screamin wheres the competetion?
Lot of rappers on the corner man they swag missing
I'm on that young nigga shit shiesty ass niggas at my shows run for bricks
Gucci said I'm going hard Flocka on this shit
Old school swag got these hoes on my dick
I'm allowed to pick I'm like which girl to get?
Pulled up on some onset yellow and black whip
I'm on my Wiz Khalifa shit I don't do no papers
Fresh up on them papers lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Wooh Da Kid)
Southside
You decide tuck in yo' pride
I ain't waitin I ain't got no patience
Raised by the Grove I ain't got an education
24/7 shorty fuck a vacation
Wak's a real nigga why you goin to the station?
Damn D-Mars why these fuck niggaz hatin?
Can't replace why God had to fake 'em?
Free my nigga Moe 25 he facin
Lafayette Grove Street that's my nation
Hoes on point never losin concentration
New black 'rarri got a nigga tryin race it
Fresh 'fro gives a simple wave to the Haitians
Silver rotation got a nigga on point
Haste with the case when the shit gon' stop?
Run up on me click click click pop
 Pop many body drop
I'm the Brick Squad crop the crowd real Waka Flock'
Man you rag dude you go hard 
I am Brick Squad crowd yell out SQUAD 
I'm livin it hell I'm only scared of God
S-suicide paint  suicide rims 
Suicide loud I got them suicide friends 
Suicide bitches they'll kill for a nigga 
Call it suicide run up on me fuck nigga 
Homicide purp  homicide vert' 
Homicide yo' ass and put yo' ass on a shirt 
Homicide ice homicide life 
Homicide yo' kids and yo' motherfuckin wife 
I'ma rich man sparkin a rich man coughin
Dead man walkin dead man talkin
I'm the man with the grams get your bags get your weight
Call me baker man cuse I can bake a cake 
Drop top 'rarri called the headless horseman
Cooking up babies call the shit abortions
Roamin through the 6 like a motherfukin orphan
Like Vick I killed your road dawg and put him in a coffin
When it's on again grab a tote again no pad or pen I gotta win
BSM and 1017 my whole Squad be goin in
Suicide is a homicide I smoke so much my brain is fried
 and Ferrari toys pullin up lookin like the Gotti boys
Doors go up we just call it suicide
I ain't playin I'm just prayin it's a homicide
It's 1017 that means it's time for BSM
Bread to win that's on Pop Joe the Boss and Bim
Test what? Test that test this
Your bet your real lab rat I'll let her test dick
Running with the  I ain't talkin 
I put 7 on your chest like M dot Vick
Murder nigga murder nigga
Real short fuse I hurt a nigga
Wood Da Kid Wooh Da lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yeahhhhhhh
It's Gucci  Flocka!!
 Ferrari Boyz in the building
Vrooom vroom vroom vroom vroom vroom
Catch up!!
Everybody know I got a sack man
I got the whole hood shoppin when the pack in
You never mix business with new friends
All black Benz you can call it Pac-Man
25 to 10 9 and the fo'-five on me 
I don't need no co-D do it by my lonely
 gangsters man they so 
24/7 all I do is hustle
Old folks in the hood call me demon
Triple cup styrofoam I sip lean man
Straight slow slippin man my finger itchy
I been rappin for three years man I need a mission
Young boys on that Grove Street man they trappin hard
Hit the club 50 deep fuck a bodyguard
They say Waka Flocka always startin riots
Get money good motherfuck a dyin
I'm the Pac-Man but it's not Adam Jones
Bitch it's Gucci Mane double cup my styrofoam
I'm on it like I want it I make you think your house was on it
I got blocks plus everybody in here want it
Me and Wak' Flock' come from the block straight drop a whole block
Chop it up then serve the block call it hip-hop
Pac-Man with bags of loud and bags of kush I'm bankin
I just got 'bout 50 in and I broke 'em down to onions
I'm servin or splurgin you snitchin you workin
I drop off on purpose yo' cook-ups are worthless
I'm searchin who's lurkin you jerkin I'm turfin
I just got the pack in lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ha! This dem Ferrari Boyz - catch up!
BURR! Catch up! Catch up!
She stoned she stoned she gone off that Patron
I gave that bitch a hundred dollars just to leave me 'lone
Tell the waitress bring mo' bottles up cause she can keep the chaser
Lil' momma switchin by my section she want me to chase her 
Wasted on moscato but I'm losin my patience
I'm tellin her come go with me but all her homegirls hatin 
Like Fred Flintstone I'm a rolling stone 
My best friend is Barney so you know I'm rollin strong 
Shawty in the zone dress with the thong
Every nigga in the club tryin to take her home 
Shawty in the zone dress with the thong
And every player in the club tryin to take her home 
Ay let's get stoned  I'm so stoned
Like Fred Flintstone I got a partner named Barney
and he keep me in the zone the whole club stoned
The whole world stoned and tonight we 'bout to party
like we just came home; ay let's get stoned 
Like Fred Flintstone I got a partner named Barney
and he keep me in the zone the whole club stoned
The whole world stoned tonight we 'bout to party like we just came home
Put your blunts in air hookahs in the air
Put your lighter in the air if you tryin to get stoned
Tonight I'm puttin on I swear to God I'll survive
Bitch I am that high! Yes I am stoned
Drinkin on Obama it's rainin white liquor
Gucci pass the dutches I don't do no Swishers
Rock yellow stones rock red stones
Bitch my money long poppin pills and blowin strong
I'm a 'Stone Cold' flexer Steve Austin 
Every concert man I'm gone  stoned
In my zone hater leave me alone be gone
Bird chains in the air - screamin as I yell
When you hear this song
The crowd gon' be jumpin up and down
Screamin I'm stoned! 
White Remy Martin can't drink Patron
Lost my keys I can't even make it home
E'rybody in here gone all my homeboys stoned
My dogs just came home ball like the Georgia Dome
Thinkin - it's back on drinkin - that there Patron
It's over I'm loaded we toasted lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Slim Dunkin)
She got a car a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag she known
One of a type she canít be cloned
ìNo handsî for her ringtone
ìHard in the paintî her theme song
That's my gutta chick
Man I love that bitch
The way she look and moan 
When she taking it
And donít mind McDonaldís
Ainít no bougie bitch
When I wake up
Breakfast on the table a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag sheís going in it's serious you a cock blocker
These True Religion not the knock off
My camera chain is an eye problem
Imma stunt stunt a bill on a half a milí
Ice crem Gucci Mane can I live?
Chick knows I got a rubber dick
You know what gone in 60 secs is?
A movie Iím being me
Just cooling and my DVD
And my BVDs are so I-C-E
Y to the G-U-C-C-I
She got a car a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
She don't want liquor she just want wine
She just my kind: long hair fat behind
They say we're intertwined we belong together
In the club throwing money up changing weather
G's on my sweater all I get is cheddar
Money go-getters: Waka Flocka and 2 Timez
Gucci - sup I said to the Haitians
Waddup Luchi. Free my nigga Zoe
40K for a show. Practice what I preach
Shawty Mane that's all I know
Triple cup styrofoam's got me walking slow
I'm smoking on reefer me Gucci and Wiz Khalifa
Smoking on reefer make a bitch out
And leave her. Comment trough a speaker
Grind in my 2-seater
Cause I got a fleet-a
Send em work like it ain't a leak-a
I practice what I preach-a
If you ain't got a game I could teach ya
I got a murder charge now for the tracks I murdered
Like a nigga turned around I'm going back to work
Got a smirk on my face cause I smoke the purp
Gucci boy now they doing a search
And I ain't been lame but tame your dame
Cause you should be ashamed how she's off the chain
I'm insane in the brain like Saddam Hussain
I got a brink of extra change of this extra 'caine
It's crazy Dwayne just counting strange
Me and Waka Flocka Flame on a private plane
With 2 bad ass bitches bout to run a train
Like an organ donor baby loan the brain
Smoking on reefer make a bitch out
And leave her.  speaker
Grind in my 2-seater
Cause I got a fleet-a
Send em work like it ain't a leak-a
I practice what I preach-a
If you ain't got a game lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Slim Dunkin)
Mr. Zone 6'er rock two pistols  
Fucked three sisters iced out crystals
Mi-Mr. Zone 6'er Mi-Mr. Zoner 6'er
I'm too hood I'm too turnt 
Ain't been an hour and a quarter pound burnt
Mr. Zone 6'er rock two pistols 
Fucked three sisters iced out crystals
Tell you like you wanna know iced out shorty
Got a glow blue block party and you better know 
Fuckin bitches every show one for the cheese
Two for the ki's three's for the P's go for the O.G.'s
I'm so sleaze I hit your main squeeze 
Rollin on 30's like you rollin on D's 
It beez Gucci Goo-Wop
In the South top Beemer that's convertible top
I'm too fuckin loyal; you too fuckin spoiled
Bitch I'm gone off that hard Brick Squad we barred
Them boys are high 
We ballin out  - I'm too fuckin loyal
They said I'm steamin I'm bubblin from the fire up
You got loud better fire it up
Call me a one-hit wonder I'll switch my flow up
Drop  with Roscoe Dash now I've blowin up
I'm  everywhere you see me is money on the ground
'Caine one bleaches me in for a pound 
Higher than a motherfucker I smoked 'bout a pound
I love to throw hundreds screamin stripper bitch drown!
Girls all around me run me down
I drink go bomb  me round
Pants down Brick Squad we the shit
Waka Flocka Flame the 2011  Mitch
Brick Squad young'n
Catch me with a groupie chick I be on my groupie shit
Hotel motel try and shoot a groupie flick
Bang bang skeet skeet Sturdy Pete blew the crib
Dumped out the flag fuck coolin with the stewardess
Hoe like OH MY GOD look in my garage
This ain't no facade sleepwalkin on them bars
I got me on free link get me the Z
Red Bull give me wings pit be robbin ching
Money I'ma get to it neckpiece igloo it
Shoot a hundred bet a hundred crapped out and redo it
It ain't nuttin to a boss nigga lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
White Brick Mob
Brick Squad White Girl Mob
Brick Squad White Girl Mob
White Brick Mob bitches
Why we gotta kill shit?
Me and Gucci talking real shit
Cars on top of cars I'ma call it whip appeal bitch
Whip appeal bitch
Whip appeal bitch
Cars on top of cars I'ma call it whip appeal bitch
No I'm not a scholar
I'm drinking out the bottle
Only fuck with models
If she ain't dead fine than there ain't no need to holler
Yeah I'm a baller
My swag through the roof
And your girlfriend is the truth
We got a room at the Ramada
She don't want to be bothered
You callin' like a father
You actin' like a toddler
You need a role model
I'm Polo with the Prada
I'm balling on you niggas like a Harlem Glodetrotter
I'm walking with a waddle
You make believe niggas Harry Potter
Amigo friends might recommend the whole enchilada
Your girlfriend is a quitter
You should spit or you saliva
I'm Gucci Mane the mobster
Not a jocker not a blogger
Gucci let's get 'em
Got that AR chopper
Come through the front door
Left them at the doctor
Now we up a hundred more bands that's proper
No need for a preacher
Pray to me I'll be your father
Hide the young ones cause I'm coming for your daughter
If you ain't selling pussy I ain't gon' bother
Got a pornstar a ho and a model
In the club we do big shit
Pop a hundred bottles
We gettin' hoes wet
They gon' need goggles
They said get that gas
So I'm on that full throttle
If I had a dick than I'd tell that bitch to swallow
Thirty in my clip and I'm letting out hallows
LA Raiders
Bo Jackson
Making love to the money
Oh I'm so passionate
Hood stripes Chuck Taylors low khakis
Scraping in that new V looking V-Nasty
Selling snow in the winter I ain't cold yet
That's why I'm an OG and I ain't Old yet
South Central Murder Dubs Killer California
Bend the wrong corner
You'll be sicker than pneumonia
Police told me to freeze
And my watch to chill
Whip the work into a SLS
Whip Appeal
Powder so fresh lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
So much cash that a nigga can't hold it
I walk around with bands on me nigga I'm loaded
Nigga I'm loaded fuck nigga I'm loaded
All this money on me I can't tote it
I think I need help cause a young nigga loaded
Nigga I'm loaded fuck nigga I'm loaded
My pockets got them  like professor klump
I'm in a rarrari so the front yea that's what a trunk
I'm smoking thousand dollar blunts it smell like a skunk
I got pine a purple drink I'm a strike the punch
I took the bitch for breakfast but I gave a  for lunch
I got three hundred thousand dollars eat my captain crunch
I get these bitches what they want I get like a flaunt
She just wanna address some  wanna smoke a shunt
Oh that's yo girl? man don't get your panties in a bunch
You know she gobble on ma balls like they crunchy munch
I ball four quarter straight I don't ever punt
I'm in the club everyday you just want so much
Nasty white girl
Stacks in my house don't need a bank account
So much mula a bitch can't even count
Grab a stack don't hesitate to spend it all
Went to Lennox fuck duck the whole malls
Stacks in my attic stacks in my carpet
Stacks in my mattress bitch look at my apartment
Yea you see that paper coming out apartments
White brick mob look wah we just started
Leave ours haters stanking like that muhfucker farted
Yo bitch just mad cause my shoes she can't afford it
Tweet another bitch yes ho I imported
Bring the mural checks cause bitch I'm important!
King of my city you know I am the baydestrian
All this polo on you know I am any question
My super model bitch bad if she is a lesbian
She let a white girl mob she can join cause she mexican
I am not a actor don't play me like a desbian
My porno bitch a factor she just wanna a adian
Shout out to trey I'm living like a maybian
I bought the bar out they at the door saying let me in
I rock a lot Gucci Gucci lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
S'Gucci! Ziggy!
Well my trap house be bunking hard all the time
Money sticking out my pockets like a porcupine
I hope this cocaina cross the borderline
I made a million dollars just with this lil fork of mine
I'm in the kitchen whippin deuces up like half the time
The other half the time I'm busy somewhere on the grind
Any  trappin 9 days
Don't give a fuck about what they say my nigga: crime pays
Gucci! Twenty thousand in singles but I tossed it
I used to have a top but then I lost it
I used to have a conscience but I lost it
I boss so hard that I'm exhausted! It's Gucci!
More more
Hate me some fuckin more!
I love it when you hate me
It make my money grow
Where my money? I think it's on that new shit
On my fucking block I ain't never gotta prove shit
Every time you see me you know I'm rocking new shit
I got a new whip off of a new bitch
Shit I do this you know what the truth is
Bitch ain't like me cause I'm cocky and I'm ruthless
The bitch is bummy no money she is useless
I got them fuckin choppers that'll really go through shit
Hold up I'm way better than the average
In my city I ain't nothing but a savage
So many cars garage look like traffic
When I pull my whips out you know I'm causing damage
More more
Hate me some fuckin more!
I love it when you hate me
It make my money grow
I'm a quarterback I take a quarter out
And but a quarter back and help harvest that
It's that ice attack when I rob my chain
When the girls see me catch a heart attack
Told her scrubbin that's a well-known fact
 what you know about that?
Kill the ho where your hoes at?
Nigga beef with me now how smart was that?
I'm goin in like a curfew
Like yesterday you old news
In the studio with chrome tools
No engineers lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I think they mad cause I'm relevant
Big choppers put holes in elephants
I got a bad bitch and she's elegant
Bet a hundred thousand that bitch selling it
I'm on the block bitch I'm doing hella shit
Them suckers over there looking is irrelevant
I got a bolo coming from Mexico
And if the bitches talking gas they ass like Texaco
I'm a reckless ho you can't check this ho
Bitch my outfit cost more than your necklace ho
And I'm doing shit that you never seen before
Having withdrawals man hurry where my blow
Fuck you! Bitch fuck your mama too!
You can't fuck with us
You can't do what we do
I got a swag so sick make the whole crowd cough
I got a Lamborghini hit the gas the bitch get lost
You with a loser need to lose him it's not your loss
I got a suburban tender she stay in Norcross
I'm a boss you's a worker boy go jerk off
Brick Squad on the stage know our shirts off
And I'm horny as a rhino and her ass soft
I got a fetish for a fine ho... I break her off
Let's get it on let's get it in
Let's get it on do it again
So bring a friend if you want to
Don't tell me what you won't do
Want me like I want you? All night long!
Let's get it on!
I fuck her you lick her
I hit her and pass her
The number at the light I'mma fuck her by tonight
She say a friend to dice she allergic to the pipe
Angie ridin' around no shoes fuckin' quittin' on dudes
10k from my parents
Same shoes on clearance
Fuck your mama your sister and your kids
Would say fuck your girl but I already did
I be in and out her jaw can't go in and out her raw
And I got them birds lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ha ha ha
Trap service announcement
Real niggers is back
DJ Holiday
Holiday season!
Gucci
Trap back
When I first started back in 1995
I wasn't moving keys I was buying 1.5
I started coming up
Junkies recognize my face
Paid a quarter million dollars just to beat a murder case
Holiday season
When I first started back in 1995
I wasn't moving keys I was buying 1.5
I started coming up
Junkies recognize my face
Paid a quarter million dollars just to beat a murder case
Holiday season
When I first started back in 1995
I wasn't moving keys I was buying 1.5
I started coming up
Junkies recognize my face
Paid a quarter million dollars just to beat a murder case
They used to run up on me be like 
I tell them 
And everywhere I go it became an instant cut
Cause they knew I had those 20's and them big fat monkey nuts
Can't be scared of the dark when you come from miles apart
Shooting dice and playing cards selling blow out of the park
Had it fresh on your sister but I used to sell your mama
Breaking 50's down to dimes was my job for the summer
And my job for the winter cooking bricks all in the kitchen
Junkies dead at the carwash cause I heard that they was snitching
Sure jumping like a chill man and help me buy my tills
Dope D. Willy used to finger fuck my rims
They forgetting on my name so they used to call me Black
If you beat me for a twenty beat ya I'm a call you back
She on the dope man dick cause I'm a nigger with a sack
I'm the hustler of the year and I know that for a fact
When I first started back in 1995
I wasn't moving keys I was buying 1.5
I started coming up
Junkies recognize my face
Paid a quarter million dollars just to beat a murder case
Holiday season
They used to run up on me be like 
I tell them 
And everywhere I go it became an instant cut
Cause they knew I had those 20's and them big fat monkey nuts
Huh
Price so low that it comin' through snow
Standin' at the store and I'm selling yae-yo
Bought a brick yesterday got a full way to go
On the highway everything got to go
Fifty on the table a hundred on the floor
Middle of the summer but I'm'a make it snow
Like a chill pet my money don't grow
Still servin' niggers through my burglar bars though
Shorty G's and a little afro
8 ball check it and the flow stash milks
I don't get credit that's how niggers get killed
And if you got a tilt then your car get pelt
17 going to the 5-5-9
Like a blind man I don't see no lines
Thirteen when the nigger did his first crime
Eighteen when the nigger bought his first 9
If I don't fly then the show ain't flying
Picking up dope but the J's keep buying
Rob a Q lurk and I know they trying
Try Gucci Mane their ass be dying
Let me take you back in time
Let Gucci Mane refresh your mind
I'm a dope boss they on my grind
I could pluck you so hard!
When I first started back in 1995
I wasn't moving keys I was buying 1.5
I started coming up
Junkies recognize of my face
Paid a quarter million dollars just to beat a murder case
They used to run up on me lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Holiday season
Quiet quiet quiet
And I'll be being quiet quiet
I let my money talk for me cause I'll be being quiet
Scoochy
Do anybody know somebody who know somebody?
Who know somebody who know somebody who got the mollys
Karate Kid but I don't even know karate
Kush got my eyes low like Mr. Miyagi
East Atlanta Santa yeah my stomach fat and jolly
Fucked up 50 grand in Vegas with my nigga 
Got the battle of the bands going in my Robin's
And if you think of robbin Gucci you gon have some problems...
Servin pizza pies all my pies got extra toppings
And I be shittin on all these niggas just like pigeon droppings
30 grand in all hundreds I don't do the wallet
And I'm about to fly to New York cause I'm going shoppin
I take a brick break off a brick and cook a deuce
Way I'm beating up all these babies call it child abuse
Way I'm beating that white girl that's domestic violence
And my money talk for me cause I be being quiet
Quiet quiet cause I be being quiet
I let my money talk for me because I'm being quiet
Break a 4-way off a brick and then I'm bout to fry it
My money gettin obese your shit is on a diet
I sip lean all day every day until the kid is tired
I make em search for that  cause this pussy's wired
If you think you can defeat me fuck it nigga try it
I got squares all in my trunk I think he wanna buy it
Got a G-4 but I do not have no one to fly it
I'm so fly that I might stop rappin and be a pilot
Gucci Mane the shit and you can't deny it
I got the game in a knot and you can't untie it
I let my money do the talking lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Quiet
No man I can't be quiet
Shit every time I talk that's brig fair
Holiday season bitch
Holiday
See that's twenty eight five right there ha ha
Mike Will made it
Yo Gucci
I know you looking like bout ten burns
We walk in the club nigger
You know this
Holiday season
Trap back baby
The streets is hungry
Let's go
80 grand in my Robin jeans
It's hot outside but I'm cooling it
Top on now but I'm losing it
Mind gone with a foreign chick
With a Tech-9 with a cooling kit
Had the black jeans with wings on em
Gucci shoes... No shoes strings!
Say every word mean two things
So the white girl is my boo thing
Cause all come in due time
I'm in a drop head at the blue flan
And I don't wanna see no new faces
Cause I don't like to learn no new names
I goto sleep in foreign places
Wake up count big faces
Stuff cash in suitcases
Pillow cases I'm two faced
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit.
Millionaire with True's on
I'm a stash house with shoes on
Put a million dollars in my new home
And a quarter million in my trap house
Put a half of mill in your bank account
You can serve dope in my zone
Cooking to work with them gloves on
So the jocks can get that grub on
I'm a OG with a capital letters
On capital add with white letters
In a 68' Camaro no top on
I'm put together I got salt and pepper
No Spinderella Stupid cheese
That's Mozzarella Bust 'em open
Put 'em back together
Then sell it to you ahead of schedule
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit.
I heard the price tag on my head 
I'm a walking lick 
Nigga come and try
You gon end up dead bitch
 yeah road kill
My nigga they so for real
Twenty minutes from my hood
I don't need no house on the hill 
Reaching for my tech
Your mama better write your will
Shit gon get ugly my youngest pop bout two pills 
Real nigga before and with this record deal
Me and Gucci Mane bitch we hard to kill.
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Holiday season is Gucci
Holiday season is Gucci
Plain Jane plain Jane
Ppplain Jane plain Jane
I know my body took a lot of -EHH
Lungs smoke a lot of stink
Bladder piss a lot of pink
Cause that lean I like to drink
My face got a lot of tats
My girl got a lot of gold
My mouth talk a lot of shit
My dick fuck a lot of hoes
My stomach be filled with shrimp
Legs limping like a pimp
Gazelles on my fuckin' frame
Waves all in my temp
My mind it be on the prize
Hands on with the 9
My trap house it keep a line
Cause I'm sellin' 
Gucci Mane a millionaire
My house I be seldom there
I always be on the road
Bank account got several O's
My britches be true religion
In my kitchen cookin' chickens
Smoking Swishers bustin' Phillies
Bought two 'Rarri's spent the million
This watch right here cost ninety thousand Plain Jane
But I'm a put some rocks off in it anyway
You haters they gon' hate on you like anyway
So I am gonna put some words on my shit anyway
Anyway anyway anyway
I dumped her I can find another any day
Any day anyway anyway anyway
It's not that hot outside but I'm a drop it anyway
Maybach's in way back
Said Maybach yes it's out back
I mean out back my spent bitch
She's got a fat ass and some big tits
I fuck with her cause her accent
With hew blow cause it accent my Louis V shades
Plus it match the Ace of Spades
Oh newborns talking automats
Got two one plain chain one ice though
Nigga try it me knock some lights out
Got goonies but I'm hands-on run a check up my mans on
That is A1 FBG free Boosie free BG
You don't want to stand in the way I'm a don hoe
Your house the size of my condo I just rap
Shit for the fun hoe last over time free Rocko
Young dimes so old school to where street songs
Where the money at I want some songs
You main bitch and your little sis
You know what time it is nigga it's three some
This watch right here cost ninety thousand Plain Jane
But I'm a put some watch off in it anyway
You haters they gonna hate on you like in a way
So I am gonna put some words on my shit anyway
Anyway in a way anyway way
I thought that I can find another any day
Any day in a way anyway in a way
It's not that hot outside but I'm a drop it anyway
I drop the top like 
I'm not in no lil' Cutlass
I pull up in a 
I know it cost my budget
I know the bitches love it
I got haters disgusted
I'm smoking on that mustard
I'm from east Atlanta and I say it loud
Got a black Ferrari because I'm black and proud
I got a yellow one it's like salt and pepper
When I put 'em together they stand out
I'm a biker hitchhiker- That's what you are with your thumb out
Got a Spyker with some rims on it lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Get it back get it back
Bitch I know I get it back
Give a fuck bout that little paper
Cause I know I get it back
I got cash cash on fire
Cash on hand cash on deck
Give me everything 3 X
And all 12's up off that rack
Wash my stash with Ajax
Me and Tit back to back
And we ridin' around smoking Kush by the pound
Like how it ride but we love how it sound
Drop-top Lam so low to the ground
Just like a snail I'm close to the earth
Waves on my temp so a ho gotta surf
Hollering rock - when you're scared go to church
Me and Slim Dunk in the club throwing racks
Go into the trap and I get it right back
Want 10 bricks? You can get it right now
Pull to the trap house come to the back
Riding domestic with the trunk in the back
Riding in a foreign so the trunk in the front
Sixty thousand cash just for me to roll blunts
Standing in front blowing kush through her dress
Five grand just to see her dance
Ten grand just to see her tats
Jump in the corner and he smoking on her clit
Waiting on you so he get it right back
In the club throwin' money
I done run through me some racks
Give a fuck bout that little paper
I know I get it back
Get it back get it back
Bitch I know I get it back
Give a fuck bout that little paper
Cause I know I get it back
Get it back get it back
Yeah you know I get it back
Shorty say she want my name
So I bought that bitch a tat
I walk in this bitch with racks
Tell them come and get this paper
Yeah my bitch is made in Asia
And I'm icy like a glacier
Get your baby momma
Take her then make her
You date her then fuck her
I fuck her then date her
Everything is on the up
Like a elevator
Gucci Mane and Tity Boi
College Park and Decatur
Now I do it for the haters
Started with a Buick LeSabre
Ended with that Ferrari
Tell me lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I don't wanna have to push your cap back
Homie he just say he want his girl back
In a drop top I'm a push the top back
I was gone for a second but the kid back
If you ever cross me I'm a get some payback
Close the curtain on them haters in my Maybach
Put a hole in your motherfuckin' snapback
It's Gucci Mane bitch so you can say the Trap Back
I'm back at em it's back on
I'm that strong I'm back home
Me and Flockavelli and Wooh da Kid
He got a nine I got a six
I do it huge we do it big
Got a hundred bricks stuffed em in the fridge 
Two hundred piece stuffed it in the attic
I'm a drug addict bitch I gotta have it
I got a gift I can water whip I can flip a brick I can triple up
Need a hundred mill fuck a record deal cause a couple millions just not enough
Sell your momma a zip of dust serve your daddy a ounce of hard
Got your little sister on the molly she done went through the whole squad
I don't wanna have to push your cap back
Homie he just say he want his girl back
In a drop top I'm a push the top back
I was gone for a second but the kid back
If you ever cross me I'm a get some payback
Close the curtain on them haters in my Maybach
Put a hole in your motherfuckin snapback
It's Gucci Mane bitch so you can say the Trap Back
Making money's my hobby flipping bricks is my passion
Home girl in the lobby  I'm just asking'
I ain't mean to be rude boo but you know I'm that dude true
More birds than Atlanta Zoo going in like a curphew
I lost my mind and my train of thought and my top all at the same time
If you sendin' them birds across the country then we probably got the same grind
I'm an OG like my daddy I'm a hustla' like my momma
I'm a stack my bread up all winter so I can ball out all summer
Got foreign choppas Osama smoke presidential Obama
Got that bald head got that skinhead that white girl Sinead O'Connor
Make em drop dead I'm in the drop head I'm... I'm santa
I need a crown cause I'm standing down I'm the king of east Atlanta
I don't wanna have to push your cap back
Homie he just say he want his girl back
In a drop top I'm a push the top back
I was gone for a second but the kid back
If you ever cross me I'm a get some payback
Close the curtain on them haters in my Maybach
Put a hole in your motherfuckin snapback
It's Gucci Mane bitch lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
One time my big dog coach K
You still wanna do
My nigger twin
My nigger Mojo
Oh it's holiday season nigger
One test
BG 
Gucci was sick no antitode
Their wrist the size of cantaloupe
I'm a close my home boy LO
God damn this Shorty got a camel toe
I don't have a zone like a iPhone or a laptop or a iPad
So I make money like a ball player
So my pockets look like five pair
I'm a mad at the field put the truck in the real
Five mill yea that's Gucci
Smoke a blunt pop a pill
Start a line
Who cares?
Get the popcorn out it's a movie
Sir Mixalot Sir Drinksalot
Got a big ol' watch as my time clock
Push the button in my tall drop
And I ain't even had to go to no chop shop
You niggers think the same I think the opposite
Put my trunk in the front that's the opposite
Alright good spread the paint her chocolate
Steering wheel on the side that's the opposite
Gucci Mane south side thinking opposite
Little stack in cabins but I'm smoking broccoli
You gon pay or eat the box on the opposite
I-I-I'm a record cut her off that's the opposite
Money don't make me I make money
These niggers fronting I'm too real
Smoke big stank got big bank
I'm heart-stopping
I'm hard t kill
Like a hundred million ain't God willing
Leave a hundred million to my little children
Got no ceiling and no feelings
I'm the truth nigger that's what it is
Got two million on my ice bill
Roll 'em cause I'm on two pills
I'm throwing money like a wind mill
I'm so cold lower in the windshield
In the Maseratti I'm count the row
Me and Mojo and I'm blowing drow
Cause you're filthy rich I might be
That's' your best edit? I think so
You niggers think the same I think the opposite
Put my trunk in the front that's the opposite
Alright good spread the paint her chocolate
Steering wheel on the side that's the opposite
Gucci Mane south side thinking opposite
Little stack in cabins but I'm smoking broccoli
You gon pay or eat the box on the opposite
I-I-I'm a record cut her off that's the opposite
I was locked up no sun shine
Now I'm out and I'm balling too hard
Got two scrubs no bigger
My jury game is retard
Like a six shot I'm fully loaded
At Magic city I'm getting loaded
Smoke so many blunts with your girlfriend
I thought that her head exploded
It's gooey wap and then new drop
I got 4 O's in my soda pop
So faded I'm so wasted
I thought that I had dread locks
Making money at a fast pace
Don't come out here cause it ain't safe
Roll orange and I drink grape
I can't feel my damns face
You niggers think the same I think the opposite
Put my trunk in the front that's the opposite
Alright lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Holiday season bitch
Shouts out 10 17 brick squad
Waka what it do? Monopoly
You know it is A1 what up?
I see the future
Holiday season
Ever since I got brick fair
I never look back there
If you ain't from the zone six
Then Shorty don't go there
I might die a bachelor
Girlfriend I don't want that
I already smashed her
So don't even go there
Ever since I got brick fair
Said them boys don't play fair
I'm from east atlanta zone six
And the kid got rich there
Hell yea we got bails there
And you know we got bricks there
If the police pull me over
I'll probably get the damn chair
First one off the bench nigga
You can call me The Six Man
A lot of squares in my living room
Aka I'm The Brick Man
And I heard that you a snitch player
So we gon throw you in the ditch player
The way I wrestle with the work nigga
People call me Rig Flare
Ever since I got brick fair
I never look back there
If you ain't from the zone six
Then Shorty don't go there
I might die a bachelor
Girlfriend I don't want that
I already smashed her
So don't even go there
Ever since I got brick fair
Dirty as fuck dirty ass pistol
My lil a goon in the hood an' he just wait for me to hit 'em
Do you got a body for me beggin on the line
And when I do it would you do or not
Hit 'em in the head
I had a extra five pushin weight like I'm doing exercise
Moving up the interstate and I got the bales an' pies
I go Pauli Castellano
I'm a mafia Santano
I got accepted to the mob and i think
I'm Tony Soprano
Without the TV you wanna be me if you see me
This A1 FBGB we hit onxy on our PT
He water all our CG
I make real movies in HD
I'm an astronaut in my real life
I promise you can't see me
Ever since I got brick fair
I never look back there
If you ain't from the zone six
Then Shorty don't go there
I might die a bachelor
Girlfriend lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Holiday season
Ha ha
Huh?
Ok G
Put your motherfucking hands in the air you ghetto nigger
Oh it's holiday season nigger
Wanna see me you can find me on the block where them boys don't play
I'll be ghetto
Put your put your put your hood up in the sky like a rap way stay
I'll be ghetto
My ride is a chariot
My bitch is a Francis
I live in the ghetto
Feel like it's a mansion
Think I was in prison
 our chances
I'm on a mission of madness
It's like ghetto in Kansas
Ghetto Nebraska
Ghetto Alaska
Ghetto East Africa
Ghetto Australia
Lock up a mayor to loop a fair
Gucci I'm from the ghettos of 
Ghetto
Wanna see me you can find me on the block where them boys don't play
I'll be ghetto
Put your put your put your hood up in the sky like a rap way stay
I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'm from the ghetto
I'm from the ghetto
Nigger I'm so ghetto
I'll be the ghetto
Ghetto
Huh remember with my family
They move 
Money in my IT
No food in pantry
Sometimes we ass it
Like acid Bassett
No dance 
Just have them wham it
I know it's damaged
It hard to madness
But I leave the sadness
So I'm handing Grammy's
I was had to hand it
Yes I knew what's happening
But you can't imagine
So let me take you to the
Ghetto
Wanna see me you can find me on the block where them boys don't play
I'll be ghetto
Put your put your put your hood up in the sky like a rap way stay
I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'm from the ghetto
I'm from the ghetto
Nigger I'm so ghetto
I'll be the ghetto
Ghetto
Just look at me little me
A-line I'm on the grind
Valentine doing double time
Ask my mama lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Drum Squad and Gucci
Gucci Mane and Drumma
Bankrolls got dumber
Cause we ain't getting no younger
Comma after comma
Comma after comma
Comma after comma
It's Gucci Mane and Drumma
Fell in love with bricks
Damn I love my club
My girlfriend broke up with me
Cause she said she tired of them drugs
Hang around with thugs
Make a move with g's
I'm a stack my cheese
And I'm a sell my p's
Yeah I'm from the A
A lot of B's and C's
That's Bloods and Crips
Can't forget GD's
Pause the track for a second
I just wanna say thank you
All this money I made
I don't wanna be ungrateful
My earrings ten kilos
I'm going crazy like Cee-Lo
Stack a whole bunch of zeroes
But don't go tell my P.O
My dope got a vertical
It jump from the free-throw
My kush got a real loud smell
You could smell the shit from Rio
Count a hundred in serial
Peanut butter interior
My jewelry game on Frigidaire
My watch cold as Siberia
Gucci Mane is you serious?
Hell yeah I'm serious
Red watch with the red chain
My diamonds on they period
I'm thugged out and I'm plugged in
These other niggas is suspect
Don't know who let all these scrubs in
My top down but I'm upset
All hundreds got no change
He wanna change the subject
Millionaire with a mansion
But I came up in the projects
All the money I made
I don't wanna be ungrateful
Shout out to my blood
I wanna tell him thank you
Thank you for them drugs
Thank you for them bails
Thank you for them bricks
Got to use my scale
Got to check my pack
Got to run up my sacks
Got ballplayer money nigga check my stats
That's a well-known fact
I'm a cook it up like this
Work my wrist like that
Got a old-school in this black
Rapper and trapper wear two hats
I got dirty money like Diddy
Need to wash them stacks with Ajax
Call me Gucci Mane lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Face card face card
Why use your bank card when you can use your face card?!
Flow on them thugs remember my face
Park my car in front of the place
No one interrupting my space
And I ball hard cause I got racks in my safe
Eat so good I got to say grace
Girls wanna fuck me on the first date
What am I gon do with all these big faces
New Gucci boots before the shoe laces
Smoking on purp that smell just like grapes
And I don't smoke mid I don't like the taste
Buy my ace of spades by the case and I don't have to pay I just use my face
Face card face card
Why use your bank card when you can use your face card?!
Get ya grass cut so I see the snakes
Hoes congregate like I'm Diddy chase
B! tches fuck with me they know that I'm straight
Then applaud give me cakes and skilled to my face
Got to save a whore go put on your case
I fuck her in the face then put her in place
I'm good everywhere for you it's not safe
And I keep a big pistol right on my waist
Sipping on lean that dropped me two ace
Hoes sixteen I can't feel my face
And they just let me out murder was the case
Had a shiny suit on like puffy hand made
Face card lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
White girl white girl shy girl shy girl
White girls white girls night girl night girl
I'm from East Atlanta where they cuttin off fangas
Got a white girlfriend she be acting up her anus
She can get you knocked off with a point of her fanga
And she don't talk to strangers she got red tangas
Got coke in a stranga and the lawyer retain her
So you hard so you soft she got all kinds of angles
And it's California kush she got me talking like I'm Done 
Playing with my money then I'm calling my attorney
And them people can't believe that Gucci man got jungle fever
And I think I love this girl because her price is hella cheaper
And like lu said it's better to loose a love than love a leaver
Running around town with them choppers about the same size...
I fell in love with that white girl 
I love them pretty little white white girls 
I'm in the spot full of white girls 
I'm in the drop with the white girl 
I fell in love with the white girl 
It was love at first sight girl 
I'm in a club full of white girls 
I'll be your boyfriend for the night girl 
Mexican hose Virgina you don't say
Chopper bullets rotate
Hundred round AK
Young nigga thugin bitch ya kno im color blind
Pocket full of money and all i stack is dollar signs
Im white girl crazy rich don't got lazy
Never been a racist cuz white girls pay me
My credit card black new bitch brown skin
Duffle bag full of that green shit
Ain't nothing like my white friend
White benz white on white
Rolling on my grown man
30 corners in that bitch narrow with them thangs
I love that white girl and I beat her like im OJ
Ridge Crest a promise junkies screaming like the OG
I fell in love with that white girl 
I love them pretty little white white girls 
I'm in the spot full of white girls 
I'm in the drop with the white girl 
I fell in love with the white girl 
It was love at first sight girl 
I'm in a club full of white girls 
I'll be your boyfriend for the night girl 
Creep out through the day creature of the night
Let her sit on your face she'll get you high as a kite
She knows just what you like I know just what you need
If them white girls you like bet I got one your type
Have a blonde for the day lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
If this a cold drop and why you waiting cold dope
Great liquor small lines in the dope house
And too far smoking cigars and dining room
Got birds everywhere this calls the dining room
Three hundred pound roll tight on the  room
And who the close act the money in the closet fool
I'm not a handles Gucci keeps a lot of tools
I teach nigga how to cut it like this bubble coop
Wait a minute just be patient I may take a minute
On the  dark say easy I'm in the kitchen and I'm water 
I hear the flickers em
Got cities scroll it got no money in my living room
Got birds everywhere I call it the chicken room
And I'm bout to move my bitch in my kitchen soon
That bird is everywhere I call it the chicken room
Got cities scroll it got no money in my living room
Got birds everywhere I call it the chicken room
And I'm bout to move my bitch in my kitchen soon
That bird is everywhere I call it the chicken room
I'm with my damn with my madam and I'm fat blunt
I call the ashes in the 
I'm having fun be my dawn celebrating fun
I need a bottle time what crack one
Me and Ross on the block what a 
I'm in the zone system I'm cool with my black gun
True religion 50 in my true religion
And they no  fifty in my rolly jeans
Ain't no whine chain you want to everything
You know my regime how money I means
I pray to your clan I pray to your roll I got a hundred things
I'm tryin to  y'all
Got cities scroll it got no money in my living room
Got birds everywhere I call it the chicken room
And I'm bout to move my bitch in my kitchen soon
That bird is everywhere I call it the chicken room
Got cities scroll it got no money in my living room
Got birds everywhere I call it the chicken room
And I'm bout to move my bitch in my kitchen soon
That bird is everywhere I call it the chicken room
Hey lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Introducing
Mike Will made it
Holiday season
Holiday season bitch
Don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Don't don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
It's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Don't don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
All these fucking niggas are humble
Bring that shit back nigga
Bring that shit back man start that shit over man
Eight million euro I'm talking about man
Holiday season
Don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Don't don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
It's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Don't don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
White boys doe boys
Ball players peons
White boys doe boys
Ball players... ball
White boys doe boys
Ball players peons
Pull up in Europeans
Back to back like it's a rerun
White boys doe boys
Ball players peons
Pull up in Europeans
Back to back like it's a rerun
My polo game is disgusting
You pussy niggas disgust me
Smoking on loud and its musty
Like Hammer 
I build a lot
I got bricks and milk
To take a BM up
That I designed myself
Save bottles man I don't need your help
Like a nigga in a casket I'm fresh to death
Count myself a whole jilt man
Man tittie boy on that bin shit
I like bad food I eat quick
Id have told ya'll I got three bricks
I'm ready like that's the disaster
Ini mini mynie mo which county goes faster?
My trap house I'm a get it it's council
Hey yellow bitch frying and her ass a little faster
Gucci Mane ain't in their chain
Number champagne in my campaign
You fly there two private planes
It's 2 Chainz and Gucci Mane
Don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
It's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Shorty got them crab legs
I got that ol bay with me
And I got the k with me
I wish they would try it bitch
Them nigga selling wood tickets
And I won even buy them shits
I go heard competin
My bank row conceded
Take her home complete her
Then I skeet her and delete her
Do it with no compassion
Do it without her asking
Yea I'm from Atlanta
But my jury from Alaska
I was born to be what I was gonna be
Bought you all that's up under me
Concrete got bun in there
Get to rip you niggers
All heart attacks
Boom lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Started in magic city ended in Onyx
She fine that she goin' crazy I'm throwing money
Compound to the velvet I think I'm Elvis
I always keep green around me like I'm a Celtic
Come on to the gold room I be bottle poppin'
20 grand all in hundreds I'm going shopping
The lane to the blue flame bitch I get it poppin'
Come ride with the Gucci man I'll take you club hoppin'
Baby come fuck me with girl I'm going clubbin'
Thirties above the skirties but they ain't scrubbin'
Bottles they keep you coming cause I be thuggin'
I'm feeling all on her titties we kissin' cousins
Blaze I wait to the Libra back to the cheater
You know the procedure when I be smoking reefer
My money is doing push ups is doing chin ups
I vanish from club vaquish and went to pen ups
My diamonds they shining bright
When they in the light
On the life on a Saturday night with a nigga wife
Hundred bottles are hundred blunts cause I am a smoker
Come with me I took a fifty and went to Scroecus
Workin' you know I'm workin' you know I'm grindin'
Shinin' I'm throwing money a king of diamond 
Phantom I got a Phantom I think I'm handsome
Bad bitches on my tail we gon' go to mansion
Come so I park the rows lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I know God can't be mad at me
Because all the blessing he gave me!
Riding around with my top down Iím looking up at the galaxy 
A lot of girls canít stand me They donít really understand me
Canít get half of my Phantom Canít get half of my mansion
Lost my homie to gunfire Nigga part of my empire
Ever since that day Iíve been arriving late like a vampire
People say Iím a addict got a lot of bad habits 
I love smoking that broccoli & i love stacking that cabbage
Shout out to my jeweler Damn he's such a good jeweler
Shout out to my shooter Damn heís such a good shooter
Every car that I ride Clean from bumper to bumper
Every time that I slide Throw my top in the dumpster
Iím OG yous a youngster Got more guns then contra
More chains then Buster & More hoes then Usher
Itís Gucci Mane & Drama So that means more commas
Iím hands on like a laptop Get your cap popped this summer 
Sometimes I I feel good
I be in the hood I just ride by
Sometimes I I feel bad
I be in the hood Might do a drive-by
Sometimes I I feel good
I be in the hood I just ride by
Sometimes I I be in the hood
& Iím feeling bad Might do a drive-by
Future got it bad Iím a drug addict
Woke up seen a UFO Iím a street fanatic
Money out the roof I had it in the attic
Flyest nigga on the Earth Astronaut status
Astronomical Iím phenomenal
Money doing flips Iím talking summersaults
I catch you before summer Aggravated assault
Winter time niggas come out with 20 dimes
Feel like Iím on a shroom All this money in this room
Friday night lights Chain still swinging
Iím a rock star & Iím gang banging
Skulls everywhere Spikes everywhere
Bloodhound for that money Catch me anywhere
I went to space & left some niggas
I donít fucking care
I should have went to Yale The way I move a bail
Death before dishonor Iíll never tell
Sometimes I I feel good
I be in the hood I just ride by
Sometimes I I feel bad
I be in the hood Might do a drive-by
Sometimes I I feel good
I be in the hood I just ride by
Sometimes I I be in the hood
& Iím feeling bad lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
It's big Gucci! Damn! Bling! Blow!
Red falcons hat all red hooded
Santa clause of the city bag full of goodies
50 pints of purple drank came with the seal
I wish these faggot ass cops will let a nigga live
Or tryna to come down the chimney with a hunred mil
So many hundred dollar bills that'll give you chills
A bad bitch from Brazil got her own appeal
You wake up see her cooking cookies in your crib
I'm the brick squad boss I'm like Santa Claus
Misses clause on the pole with her panties off
And I know when you're sleeping know when you awake
No eggnog busting bottles of that ace of spades
Black Versace shades so it's hard to steer
Where's Rudolph red nose when I really need him
A bunch of elves on the team and I gotta feed em
They carry sawed off pumps so it's hard to feed em
I gift wrap a pipe bomb bring it to your door
Ring the bell sit back and watch the fucker blow
So how you build the snowman with all this melted snow
Santa clause bringing blocks in from Mexico
I made a hundred thousand dollars and the Texaco
They locked me up and let me out I feel like Plexico
I'm going in on these suckers call me Santa Claus
And it's a bunch of bad bitches in Santa house
An igloo full of snow and a white stove
I'm in the kitchen cooking dope in a white robe
House full of naked hoes snortin blow
I'm in zone 6 aka the north pole
It's so lonely at the top plus it's real cold
My ears neck lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Huh
Wassup
It's yo boy gucci
1017
Gwap
Drop top shawty
BRRR
Holiday - we back
I smoke like I'm cheech n chong
Sell dope like nicki bunz
Tats on my naked arm
Like my kush very strong
Gucci I'm such a don
Tell em' I'm having fun
Holiday - lets get postal rap
Gucci - racks
HOLIDAY SEASON SHRIMPS
I smoke like I'm cheech n chong
Sell dope like nicki bunz
Tats on my naked arm
Like my kush very strong
Gucci I'm such a don
Tell em' I'm having fun
I'm having such a run
I threw 10000 ones
I'm the trap king kong
My jeans got dem wings on em'
Tell them to be moaning
I'm servin' clean huuuh
High as a skydiver
Brick in the piledriver
Used to stand a pilot and serve all the truck drivers 
I whip up that white flour
Zip up that white powder
Twist up that green ganja
More money more damn power
A solider dies once but 10000 does for a coward
Miamis my second home I'm shopping 
I'm sippin' lean and feelin' drowsy 
But what would the game be without me 
I bet your girlfriend pussy lousy 
I see your diamonds very cloudy 
But what would the game be without me
I'm sippin' lean and feelin' drowsy
I bet your girlfriend pussy lousy
I see your diamonds very cloudy
I got these girls goin' crazy like I was elvis niggah
They call me gucci gwap and I'm one hell of a niggah
Got them chickens for sale
Shit I can tell that you figure
I'm like infamous niggah call me I deliver
I fuck your girl and
You scream and put that shit on your twitter
And I slap it and jiggle I cut her off now she bitter
I'm the creme of the crop bitch I'm the pick of the litter 
Now she bringing her niggah I wish that I never hit her
She didn't have no ambition she didn't have no protection
I pay her no attention lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I'm Up 
I'm hands on like a Ipad 
Them racks in my pants look like thighpads 
I hit it with the fork that's my dance
I hit it two times that's a slow dance
I ain't got time for the romance
Cocaine avalanche when I finance
I'm a laugh at ya I'm a throw a bomb at ya
Since you a crumb snatcher I'm a throw a crumb at ya
I ain't mad at ya but ya got me bent backwards
I roll another swisher I don't like to smoke backwoods
Bricksquad bandana fool trapped out since grammar school
Bricksquad Atlanta crew she got a bandana too
Yea I got that fire
For ya FYI
Nigga didn't respect me it's Hello Goodbye
All my hoes is dykin  all yo hoes is triflin 
Yea I got a pistol but the bullets from a rifle
Yea they call me deuce I got deuces on my coupe
Put two swishers together look like I'm blowing on a flute
Yea nigga we up we ride up on you
Ralph Lauren teddy bear it's not Winnie the Pooh
Yea nigga we winnin and spend it on these women
And I ain't playing soccer when I'm kicking it at Lenox
Say what up to Louie lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Oh it's holiday season nigga
My trap beating harder than a bass drum
My trap beating harder than a bass drum
My trap beating harder than a bass drum
Holiday season
Damn son where'd you find that
These bitches eating pills like they jolly ranchers
She took a pill then turned into a belly dancer
I'm cooking this dope with 2 fucking bows
I need an extra hand I need 3 extra stoves
I can make you dance doing Everland's
It's your final chance get your wedding bands
I keep that white girl like a white mass
East Atlanta zone at 6 you're in trial land
My mind ain't got invert my shit jump out the gym
Bitches are down to break their neck just too look at him
She don't really like me but she love my rims
Yellow Lamborghini same color as my bottom teams
My trap boomin' hard bitch I swear to God
My trap boomin' hard bitch I swear to God
My trap boomin' harder than you trap booms
My goons money in the living room
My trap boomin' hard bitch I swear to God
My trap boomin' hard bitch I swear to God
My trap boomin' harder than you trap booms
My goons money in the living room
Hey I see choppers ain't no hoe niggas gonna stop us
Your old lady so proper look at that pussy she poppin'
Holiday season bitch
Hey I see choppers ain't no hoe niggas gonna stop us
Your old lady so proper look at that pussy she poppin'
Hey I see choppers ain't no hoe niggas gonna stop us
Your old lady so proper look at that pussy she poppin'
I pull out the rose and make that trap go to troppin'
When I pull out my money
Even these hoe niggaz watchin'
I hit a lick it I bought a wing stop
I sprinkle lemon pepper in that rerack
I took my time I had to build a fortress
Straight flouse and my closet look like Walter's
Step back the peers I got my Gucci skully on
Shout out my Nigga Gucci know it money long
Got my bank money I got my lawyer fee
Shout out the brick squad lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Chris Brown Lil Wayne)
Cyeah cyeah cyeah cyeah cyeah
I don't really do this much but baby girl I might
Fly you buy you crazy things that's cause you're the type I like
Cyeah cyeah cyeah cyeah go get that girl right there
Cyeah cyeah cyeah cyeah go get that girl right there
Do you know who I am? Baby girl my name the shit
I'm the shit yeah the shit Gucci Mane off in this bitch
When I spit stupid swift I feel like I got a gift
Leave the truck 'bout forty thousand but this one is 
I'm a roll to a blimp ladies ask me do I pimp
Cause I walk with a limp so much ice you feel a chill
Light a spliff take a wiff if you feel like take a sniff
Drink a fifth pop a  one of those then plead the fifth
40K on a Wednesday catch me in the M
Look at me look at them don't I look better than him
Girl my rims match my jewels pinky same color my wheels
And my drop top match my ears no flaugin' I keep it real
They done fucked around and let me back on my g shit
My wheels big they deep dish
Engine bigger than a mo'fucker but on the dashboard you see fish
See-through all blue I'm bigger than a barracuda fuck you
Whole bunch of niggas in my clique they the realest
And I'm fuckin' with the motherfuckin' dogs too
All this money I done met my quota I'm 'bout it bitch
Flow sick track ebola Polow this that shit
For all the ladies you know this that dick hold up wait a minute
Did he just say that? Yes I did
Now open your legs let me show you what it feel like
Microphones I blaze any little beat any track I'll kill it
Fuckin' a model straight Playboy I stick my ding-a-ling down they throat like ribbit
Got girls in the club with their lace front swingin'
Lookin' at my girl like no you didn't
Somebody better call 911 with all this motherfuckin' pussy I'm killin'
Uh stay in line ho
Yeah get your mind right bitch
Yeah all pussy ain't good pussy
And I don't like bald pussy I like wolf pussy
My woman fuck me good and make kush cookies
Pockets on Snookie I wouldn't fuck Snookie
I skate hard and fuck a bitch harder
Shawty got a donk call her Vince Carter
Eat a red bone like red velvet cake
Fuck a nigga wife and eat the wedding cake
And if that nigga trippin' tell him yellow tape
I'm like 5'6" lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Shawty cooler than fan but her man not me
Got a real hot mouth but she a stone cold freak
10 girls in my suite brought sand to the beach
Got a nigga from the country come two times a week
I'm in a red Maserati with some snow white seats
And when I skeet I try to aim it at her snow white teeth
Red bottoms on the wood watchin' the Hawks play the Heat
Brought the whole Bricksquad 10 grand every seat
6 ounces and a liter that's a dirty sweet tea
I'm a put this game on every bad bitch that I meet
I'm a zone 6 king and my jeans got wings
I'm a rich girl's fantasy a poor girl's dream
Hold up stop the track let's get some understandin'
I'm servin' softball I pitch underhanded
Your girlfriend said she like me but I'm too demandin'
Bitch shut the fuck up and take these 10 bricks to Kansas
My stash done got so big that I can't rubber band it
My plug be speakin' Spanish I can't understand it
So stop the track my nigga let's get some understandin'
Bitch shut the fuck up and take these 10 bricks to Kansas
Now I can't dance a lick but look my diamonds dancin'
Rap or trap my nigga I'm a take my chances
I had a couple jooks didn't go down how I planned it
I guess I fronted him too much he couldn't handle it
You disrespect the Squad then you get reprimanded
Blowin' kush in the house she smokin' second handed
I got the whole pack sold 'fo the pack landed
Chicken bags in the trap call it hand to handin'
And you ain't gotta shop with me that's fine and dandy
Two ways four nines call it Georgia candy
Cookin' dope in Lou Vuittion cause I'm kinda fancy
I met your bitch at the bar got her two shots of Brandy
Hold up wait let me explain
Half my niggas move ki's of 'caine
Jewish lawyers what we've attained
In my car's where she give brain
Bought the V of Dorthy
Yellow road sellin' bricks
Big face yellow wrist drop top hello bitch
Cut the shit make sure that we see eye to eye
We got them birds and they don't fly up in the sky
Bitch lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Freak freak
Let me be your freak
Touch my toes
You can have this beat
I like when you bad
'Cause it feels so good
Bring it back
I wish you would
Freak freak
Let me be your freak
Touch your toes
Let me get that beat
I like when you bad
'Cause it feels so good
Bring it back
I wish you would
I wish you would
I wish you would
Bring it back
I wish you would
I wish you would
I wish you would
Bring it back
I wish you would
It's Gucci Go
Bring it back
Bring it back
Pull up in a Vette
Jet black
Ass fat I done met my match
I need a girl in the back with a butterfly tat
Bring it back
Bring it back
Pull up in a Vette
Jet black
Ass fat I done met my match
I need a girl in the back with a butterfly tat
Her passed me by I won't let that
Got a hundred stacks you respect that
Spent a hundred stacks I regret that
At a strip club where we met at
He a star girl 'cause he desperate
Can't help it he'll need to exit
Money suspect change the subject
But I control the girl like a puppet
It's Gucci
Freak freak
Let me be your freak
Touch your toes
Let me get that beat
I like when you bad
But it feels so good
Bring it back
I wish you would
I wish you would
I wish you would
Bring it back
I wish you would
I wish you would
I wish you would
Bring it back
I wish you would
Burrr
She's a nympho so she loved it
Broke up and he loves it
Come to me with that fuck shit
Get your wig split in public
I met your bitch in publix
On aisle 9 by the toothpicks
We left there hit Ruth's Chris
She suck dick like she toothless
He a busy bee on Tuesdays
I'm Eazy E I'm ruthless
Hoe deuces and juices
I'm too high lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
You're boyfriends an alcoholic
But Gucci is a reefer chiefer
You're girlfriends a penis eater
I swear she's a people pleaser
I'm pouring up 2 liters
And riding in 2 seaters
Sipping on mojitas
One mill on my wife beater
Holiday season aye
You're boyfriends an alcoholic
But Gucci is a reefer chiefer
You're girlfriends a penis eater
I swear she's a people pleaser
I'm born of 2 leaders
And riding in 2 seaters
Sipping on mojitas
One mill on my wife beater
Parley with white people
Really don't like people
Party tonight but you must
Go with the right people
Bigger than life nigga
Came with a knife nigga
And if I'm ending his life
He found out I'm fucking his wife
Leave her
Gucci's a custom adept
Sex with no feelings attached
Puts on my bachelor pad
Prior the top is detached
Poppin' and humping and dripping and something
Damn you're good as one hell of a woman
You telling me something then telling me nothing
I think about something that keep me from cumming
I brought them racks out to play aye mane
I brought them racks out today say mane
I put the racks in your face aye mane
I brought them racks out to safe say mane
I brought them racks out to play aye mane
I brought them racks out today say mane
I put the racks in your face aye mane
I brought them racks out to safe say mane
OK my crib looks like Baywatch
Don't quit your day job
She walking with nothing
But she leaving my tank top
Lately I've been seeing
More champagne than rain drops
B.I.G only thing missing is
Puff saying we can't stop
Rolling with Jigga but
I'm not a Nets fans
Everything green around me
Like I'm a Jets fan
If it's green and I burn it
This weed and cash I deserve it
My car and girl both German
Said she Oh I need a surgeon
I've been running to the money
And it feels like
I'm racing a turtle lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Lex Luger
Lex Luger
Is Gucci
Burr
Holiday Season
All this money out here
Gotta get it
Price so cheap
Holiday Season nigga
When it's winter time I fly to where its summer time
Spend a hundred grand at any given time of day
So much cash on me you think I robbed an armored truck
Smoking kush in front of twelve like we don't give a fuck
Want some trap shit you came to the right place
In a V state traffickin these cali grapes
I'm a king I swear that I should play for Sacramento
Put a hit on you yo hoe and all the folks you kin to
Treat my cars just like my house put curtains on my window
So much codeine in the sprite it look like Pepto-Bismol
Miss me with all of that gossip and innuendo
They say my diamond chain is ill they say that I'm a sicko
Made a hundred thousand dollars standing at the citgo
You bust it open you see crystals sparkling in the middle
And I never stopped drinkin nigga 'cause I'm not a quitter
And when I hit the club I hit it with a bunch of killers
My mama gave birth to a trap boy trap boy
That trap boy then turned into a dope man dope man
Gucci mane La Flare I got old money 
And I'ma be a hustling' ass old man old man
This one dedicated to the dope boys
Price so low I'm at a loss for words
I know you niggas heard I got them Georgia birds
23.5 Nigga spread the word
Holiday Season Nigga
Fuck with me you know I got that Charlie Sheen
Hundred pints of purple that's a lot of lean
Got 2000 pounds of swag look like I cut the grass
He said the robbin crew gon snatch me but that made me laugh
So many bank rolls in my ride this pockets bout to bust
Walking trought the mall and smelling like a pound of kush
I got thirty grand on me and a.40 Cal
I'm in a Louie V store signing autographs
My plug text me sayin he just came
I text him back my nigga I'll be on my way
I'm selling most skilled that's fine digger
Got a four bedroom with like twelve kitchens
And ain't no broke niggas coming to my house
Got that white girl call her Amy Winehouse
Old school 7 4 costs a town house
Better bring 'em pounds before I bring the 9 out
My mama gave birth to a trap boy trap boy
That trap boy then turned into a dope man dope man
Gucci mane the flayer I got all money all money
And I'm a be a hustler as old man old man
This one dedicated to the dope boys
Price so low I'm at a loss for words
I know you nigga heard I got them joyner birds
20 25 Nigga spread the word
Holiday Season Nigga
My mama gave birth to a trap boy lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
All my get money bitches stand up
All my trap niggas put your hands up
Gucci man I'm so rubber band up
And my car so clean it get a A+
Black Maybach with the red guts
I'm a get money bitches stand up
All my trap niggas put your hands up
Gucci man I'm so rubber band up
And my car so clean it get a A+
Black Maybach with the red guts
Yellow diamonds for you pretty red shluts
Selling weed man I bring some more bud
I'm a mud drinker bitch I drank mud
Call it whip it and flip it and zip it and kush it
Calling your girl like grammy the pussy
I'm up in the kitchen and pick up a cookie
You're boyfriends a rookie that's why he a pussy
I'm fucking you bad I don't care who be looking
Stand on your porch and dare you to push me
Choppers on duty you don't have to touch me
I'm the boss and the boss gets all the glory
Changing the game I'm remaining the same
Buy new car I'm changing the pash
Changing the motor and changing the goods
Changing the gurgle's I'm pumping the pipe
A K A I'm cracking the seal those don't know
I'm tracking the train
Thinking about money we thinking the same
Fly's a bird and high's a plane
Might hit the club in a black tuxedo
Who hoes coming with his your man Galvino
Beat flash who should look like torpedo
Owe it to a nino smoking on guido
Might have a man but he not like me no
Looking bald out to exterior
On a boat way cocaine locreo
He might get money but not like me no
All my get money bitches stand up
All my trap niggas put your hands up
Gucci man I'm so rubber band up
And my car so clean it get a A+
Black Maybach with the red guts
Yellow diamonds for you pretty red shluts
Selling weed man I bring some more bud
I'm a mud drinker bitch I drank mud
Positiong myself and kushin my wealth
Hate no me that's best for your health
Efin my wounds than efin my shoes
Efin em show me efin my bills
Niggas they envy they just pretending
Glasses are empty and bitches are friendly
Asses are sexy and titties are pretty
Niggas are hold up and bitches are silly
Watches are quarter my chain is a milly
I can't lie all my hoes are so deadly
So I'm up on occasion than you think I was Diddi
Cases and cases and cases of blunts
Smoke like a hippie drink like Britney
Walking in the club JB whole with me
Harder they try they can't get rid me
Looking like I'm dreaming someone pinch me
Two shooters right by lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Well it take money to make money
That's why I make money
Need some today so
I'm a go and take they money
Play money I weigh money
Hundred grand that's play money
Counterfeit that's fake money
Lob city that's Blake money
Cash money that Drake money
Broke niggas they hate money
Rappers they get slave money
Gucci Mane I save money
Gamble in your face money
Brick squad we taste money
Gold diggers they chase money
Rich niggas! We waste money!
Street smart I know money
Y'all niggas got no money
Still making that slow money
Hide cause you owe money
Pimp niggas get ho money
Scared money don't make money
Like Big Meech I blow money
Y'all niggas is so funny
It take money to make money
Anytime you ready 
Wanna race nigga wanna gamble?
Anytime you ready 
Like to shop and like to travel?
Anytime you ready 
I could hit the club and go crazy
Anytime you ready 
Got money I said it
Bricksquad we ain't petty
I'm so big headed hundred eighty grand on my chevy
Go broke won't let it
Swag sick can't help it
Financial goals I met it
It's a drumma track and it's epic
Hood nigga with credit
Bills I don't sweat it
Cash I go get it
But these broke niggas pathetic
Rich niggas go get it
Bitch niggas get jealous
Drop money I'm careless
It's all mine I'm selfish
Your money home you left it?
Broke nigga can't help it
Ball hard I'm wealthy
Thank God I'm healthy
From the jet way to the jet-ski
Aren't you glad you met me?
Haters say they don't like me
But they gotta respect me!
G nigga about paper
Them niggas getting the vapor
We them niggas flipping that money
And them other niggas be fakers
High roller we shot call
Real nigga we been balling
Pussy nigga catch a sideline and
Watching niggas who both balling
Hustle nigga my own line
Pussy niggas get flat-line
Money nigga get all the time
New whip for the sunshine
Hustle with my balling nigga
Cooking up them quarter nigga
Stepping up them order niggas
Getting it out that water nigga
Rich game my rich gang nigga
Feline and my wrist game nigga
Weed niggas getting rich game
We the niggas flipping the wrist game
Key nigga we move blood
Get it from the G blood
Uptown lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Fabolous 8 Ball)
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense
I'm in a rush I'm rolling kush
I'm cooking dope don't interrupt
50 bricks came in a bus
I intercept I finished up
Gucci Mane I'm sinister
Politics like a senator
30 year prime minister
Eat rappers for dinner bruh
From selling dope to selling big houses like a realtor
I pull up in a black and black maybach like a governor
Some critics say they can't understand me I'm a southerner
Bad bitch rocking chanel but she's a foreigner
Pull up in them twin maseratis yeah they identical
And I bought a new Kawasaki I'm popping wheelies bruh
Miami Beach police pull me over aye what the ticket for
He mad cause the bitch on the back ain't from America
Now this shit really don't make no God damn sense
Police chase but jumped the God damn fence
Ain't no room in the house for all these God damn bricks
So many bills at the spot don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Man it's a God damn shame
They talking shit from the bench
Get in the God damn game
I mean you boys need to chill
Them niggas hot champagne
Nigga I do that shit
You don't do a God damn thang
And I'm really sorry
I just got that calarrari smoking northern castafari
While I'm eating calamari
And these suckas can't stomach that
Guess they can't dodge us
That I'm making majors moves and they ain't making progress
Say hi Jess ya'll meet pretty Jessica
Know she got that good brain I just keep on testing her
Don't come with my package I'm a have to kill the messenger
Smell some funny shit and I'm a spray that air freshner
Now this shit really don't make no God damn sense
Police chase but jumped the God damn fence
Ain't no room in the house for all these God damn bricks
So many bills at the spot don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense
No off brand niggas run with my click
Choppa so big don't make no God damn sense
Spent a whole lot of racks on a whole lot of packs
Spent a whole lot of crack on a whole lot of track
Got a bitch in every city with a whole lot of back
Smoked a whole lot of weed ate a whole lot of snacks
Had 28 grams when I fell up in this bitch
Smoked it all for I left don't make no God damn sense
I'm on kush she on pills in a short short dress
Bitch ass so big don't make no God damn sense
Gucci Mane was like ball where you get that bitch
Bitch ass so big don't make no God damn sense
Now this shit really don't make no God damn sense
Police chase but jumped the God damn fence
Ain't no room in the house for all these God damn bricks
So many bills at the spot lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Made a promise to my self that I'll be never broke counting up all this money but I'm never tired
Three in the morning and I'm still going jewelry so cold feel like the wind blowing. pushing more weight then
Arnold schwarzenegger walk-in closet feel with bells and glass  kill ya self my nigga do the world a favor and I done lost count I got so
Many haters Canary watch I swear got yellow fever. Jimmy choo glasses so its hard to see ya put my money on a tred mill
And let it build 
Ima Gynast Ima gymnast I'm in the kitchen flippen chickens Ima gymnast I'm in the laboratory now doing chemistry I can't lie me and
Money got a chemistry.  
Throw the money in the air like I'm Elway 50 bells at the house Ima bellsmen.
I got 65 thangs on the spressway a couple boxes of mid is what they mail meh I love my plug homie shout out to my esay I got that 
Homie you a swag stealer I'm in My Big Dooley Truck
It's a glass house I'll turn ya sister condo into a trap house on hand to hand with the cookies like a girl scout winter time you might catch me in the stretch furr all black Maybach with the chauffeur Ima cooker but yo daddy is a smoker
Dirty money throw that money in the shower she can't even feel her face cause of the powder one spot three kitchens is a blow spot.
Charge you twenty grand flat for some convo keep the js mile high like the broncos
Got a nigga bussin bells in the living room left ounce n half on the hard wood count a half a million cash in the bedroom never let a nigga know were yo stash at Made 75k playing blackjack lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Tell the D.A. give a fuck bout what the judge say
I never liked the pussy nigga in the first place
I spent 500 K a week just for the court case
And put a tattoo on my face so now I'm Scarface
Scarface
I put a hundred on your head if you cross me
Scarface
I want him dead I don't care what it cost me
Black hats red ball jumping out on me
Unmarked cars keep on wind up and down the street
Plus the stupid-ass jacker he want something for free
Know damn well without no money he get nothing from me
I be that ass baby momma call the folks on me
I got these crab-ass niggas trying to smoke for free
Lil G just told me that he's short this week
But how the fuck he gonna be short when I sell work so cheap?
Old pussy-ass nigga used to work for me
Then told these motherfucking folks he bought some work for me
I know some cold-blooded killers who got love for me
I keep them real-deal goons in the club with me
Gucci
Niggas waiting on me like the mailman coming
First third and fifteenth everybody running
Old heads tripping cause they asking me to front on them
Come short on my one time and I fuck with them young'uns
All balls no brains; niggas know I'm ignorant
Understand and get zeroed when put in that predicament
The cars ride up and down the avenue in daytime
Nighttime the same thing -- niggas finna pay mine
Duck off with my motherfucking dope you got some long nuts
I burn niggas' hoods down I shoot up they dope cuts
Niggas call me Scarface cause I gave them a reason to
All you get is one chance and then I come get even fool
Moving them grounds and I ain't thinking bout Grammys
Got so hot in Atlanta I had to move to Miami
Go a hundred big H.A.M. got my trap house whamming
Just ran up on the plug I brought the food to the family
We say hello to drugs we don't say no to drugs
Like No Limit C-Murder making moves with the dubs
Like I'm moving them birds I got em for sale
Just like Revenge of the Nerds I got a roomful of squares
The Feds looking at me -- get some glasses my nigga
They say I make it hot -- I make it happen my nigga
So what's cracking lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Future Chill Will)
  Ay yeah boyyyy ay yeah  
Hey girl I'm tearin it up and they knowin that I had sex so much that I ain't goin back
I blow stack after stack after stack after stack
At the rack everyday and they knowin that
Well I'm blowin that and I'm doin this
And my red flag got the haters pissed
Don't reckless this not a diss
This not a threat this real shit
And don't play me cause ain't no stoppin me
Ain't no toppin me and ain't no robbin me
Cut the robbers outs I brought the goons out
We reckless we O.G.
On Acuras and they textin us
But who gives a fuck and who gives a damn?
I'm blood in and blood out on
Flat Shoals with big sand
And Waka Flocka thanks Flocka Waka Two times cause we two crimes
Two bloods and two rides with fo' nines and gang signs So what's up?
The pricety I'm icey as iced tea
I'm the king of diamonds and the princess shinin
And all mine behind me
Let's get reckless let's get reckless
Oh yeah! Cap I'm in beast mode
Hell yeah I'm on reckless
If you don't like it pussy nigga come check this
Respect this or meet your death wish
There's 17 bird on my necklace
I fuck with dem and they fuck with me
Don't fuck with us get the fuck from 'round
Cause I like to pop and we sucker free Reckless reckless e'rybody goin HAM
Don't test this cause if you do
That Smith & Wesson go blam damn
Look what the fuck done happened
Just cause you heard that a nigga start rappin
That I'm worryin about the  pulled out
No toppin no clappin clear the whole scene
I'm smashin Bye gone - boy you better catch up nigga
Get hit from your neck up nigga Nobody wan' fess up get your block up
Leave the whole scene full of ketchup nigga
They are wildin on wildin on ballin they violent
I got the little man sydrome get me in the end zone
Signin autographs who's stylin?
Huh? Huh? Huh? Vacation in Miami they say
I'm swag surfin
Your girl with ya she ain't lookin but her ass flirtin
See I'm a classy nigga a thousand dollar curtains
And I just made yo' nigga mad cause his pocket hurtin
And I don't mean I'm jackin off when I say
I'm chokin chickens I mean when we rap on mo' we call that chokin chickens
I got a talkin code for all he knows it folds
Too buck to be on probation too rich to be on parole
My dawgs love me on I'm on the mic talkin reckless
Stuntin ballin million dollar flexin
My dawgs love me on I'm on the mic talkin reckless
Stuntin ballin lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray to Lord fake niggas he keep
But if I shut down before I wake
I pray to Lord real niggas he take
I told my top to get lost
Cuz I donít really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Iím in that new Rolls Royce
If you donít like it get lost
Me and my top beefin
So I donít really wanna see him
They picture man the flare nigga
And all the kids wanna be him
I told that girl to get lost
Cuz I donít even like to argue
All this money that Iím makin
They think Iím playing for the Chargers
My jury game is retarded
My car game is exotic
The inside my Maserati
Cuz look like he in the hypnotic
Iím runnin from the paparazzi
But Iím in the Lamborghini
They call me Gucci Debiassi
I think Iím fucking Liberace
I told my top to get lost
Cuz I donít really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Iím in that new Rolls Royce
If you donít like it get lost
Smoking kush with my boys
Iím a walking weed joyce
They say I fuck on my alarms
I say it back itís my choice
Selling dope with my squad
Old schoolís in my yard
I got a Chevy so clean
And my goodness so hot
They say itís getting real hot
So I took off of my top
I got the number one spot
Iím coming down my block
I told my top to get lost
Cuz I donít really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Iím in that new Rolls Royce
If you donít like it get lost
Dragging from the old school in my new school
Top missing nigga with my new tool
Same ways with my new juice
Getting money on these young fools
You pay for perfect when youíre big time
You pay for perfect when your sun shine
Harley Davidson lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
They murked your homeboy that was cold blooded
& Last I heard they killed him over drug money
He died on a Friday at 11:30
Said he left his girl like
I'm double cupped Shawty my cup so dirty 
Never seen a nigga drink so muddy 
Never seen a nigga make this much money
Gucci Mane I want my piece of the pie
I sold dope I didn't goto DeVry
My mama look me dead square in my eye
And told me you ain't got to lie boy your high 
I was a stick up kid I had a .45
I make a nigga put his hands in the sky
They said ill never make it to 25
I was selling nickle bags in junior high
One day every man goto die
I got a gangsta homie come from the chi
Said he been gang banging ever since he was 5
And everyday he thank the lord he alive
They murked your homeboy that was cold blooded
& Last I heard they killed him over drug money
He died on a Friday at 11:30
Said he left his girl like 11 birdies
I'm double cupped Shawty my cup so dirty 
Never seen a nigga drink so muddy 
Never seen a nigga make this much money
Ghost Thang on the feet Quarter key for the shoes
Ten bands for your life Five hundred on the tool
That's a throw away Bitch I'm bout to take these hoes to school
That's a murder weapon throw it in the river when you through
On my young nigga shit in my old school reppin'
With my hat to the back with my fully loaded weapon
Tried to re-up in my hood I'mma teach yo ass a lesson
Fresh off a million dollar run that's what I call a blessing
Bitch I'm cool with the bank owner fucking on the bank teller
Ten figure nigga hood rich I can buy whatever
But I remember them days when I was starvin'
Like you remember them days when I was robbin'
Hands Up Face Down Lemme' get ya sack
Kick the door down nigga tell me where its at
Beat a nigga head with a baseball bat till his eyes turn blue and his head turn black
HA you dont know the half bout that
Break you loose you yo ass bout that
Ain't no fuck round with them goonies where I'm from lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Holiday season is Gucci
Holiday season is Gucci
Plain Jane plain Jane
Ppplain Jane plain Jane
I know my body took a lot of -EHH
Lungs smoke a lot of stink
Bladder piss a lot of pink
Cause that lean I like to drink
My face got a lot of tats
My girl got a lot of gold
My mouth talk a lot of shit
My dick fuck a lot of hoes
My stomach be filled with shrimp
Legs limping like a pimp
Gazelles on my fuckin' frame
Waves all in my temp
My mind it be on the prize
Hands on with the 9
My trap house it keep a line
Cause I'm sellin' 
Gucci Mane a millionaire
My house I be seldom there
I always be on the road
Bank account got several O's
My britches be true religion
In my kitchen cookin' chickens
Smoking Swishers bustin' Phillies
Bought two 'Rarri's spent the million
This watch right here cost ninety thousand Plain Jane
But I'm a put some rocks off in it anyway
You haters they gon' hate on you like anyway
So I am gonna put some words on my shit anyway
Anyway anyway anyway
I dumped her I can find another any day
Any day anyway anyway anyway
It's not that hot outside but I'm a drop it anyway
Maybach's in way back
Said Maybach yes it's out back
I mean out back my spent bitch
She's got a fat ass and some big tits
I fuck with her cause her accent
With hew blow cause it accent my Louis V shades
Plus it match the Ace of Spades
Oh newborns talking automats
Got two one plain chain one ice though
Nigga try it me knock some lights out
Got goonies but I'm hands-on run a check up my mans on
That is A1 FBG free Boosie free BG
You don't want to stand in the way I'm a don hoe
Your house the size of my condo I just rap
Shit for the fun hoe last over time free Rocko
Young dimes so old school to where street songs
Where the money at I want some songs
You main bitch and your little sis
You know what time it is nigga it's three some
This watch right here cost ninety thousand Plain Jane
But I'm a put some watch off in it anyway
You haters they gonna hate on you like in a way
So I am gonna put some words on my shit anyway
Anyway in a way anyway way
I thought that I can find another any day
Any day in a way anyway in a way
It's not that hot outside but I'm a drop it anyway
I drop the top like 
I'm not in no lil' Cutlass
I pull up in a 
I know it cost my budget
I know the bitches love it
I got haters disgusted
I'm smoking on that mustard
I'm from east Atlanta and I say it loud
Got a black Ferrari because I'm black and proud
I got a yellow one it's like salt and pepper
When I put 'em together they stand out
I'm a biker hitchhiker- That's what you are with your thumb out
Got a Spyker with some rims on it lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
All we wanna be is el Chapo
At least all the street niggas I know
All I wanna be is el Chapo
Fully automatic slice you auto
All I wanna be is el Chapo
3 Billion dollars in pesos
All I wanna be is el Chapo
And when I meet him I'm a tell him bravo
I live a life so crazy make me start smoking new ports
And you ain't coming in I'm a serve you in the front porch
My plug he comin in I'm abouta scoop him from the airport
And ain't no room for nothin else but money in my condo
Ballin like a bitch you think my grandmother Grizelda
These suckas they can't wait to double cross you like Diego
These suckas they can't wait to double cross you like Diego
These suckas they can't wait to double cross you like Diego
I'm whackin niggas lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. 2 Chainz Waka Flocka Flame)
Pay for what? Girl you better pay for this Dick!
She the type that fuck for 2 Xans and a outfit! 
I'm with the Xan crew. So is hundreds on the Flo
My house is off in the Mo
Hey I be ballin Ho!
Ok these hoes we done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em!
Lames better salute em!
FLEX!
See these hoes We done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em!
Lames better salute em! Ugh!
I don't like yo kind you a bougie ho! 
All in my face like a groupie ho! 
I can't do it with one girl I need a group of hoes
She FOOOOL when she on the that pole
Break it down pop it low clap that do it slow 
Ran out of ones I'mma order some mo
Shawty got good brains on the honor role!
You can't be no rookie with moves like that! Naw!
Girl you a Pro! FLEX!
Hundred bands in my pocket!
Just to let you know! 
I'm too turnt everything's a GO! 
What's it goin be? What's it goin to cost?
Everything's on me My company Brick Squad Monopoly!!! SQUAAAAAAD!!!
Ok these hoes we done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em!
Lames better salute em!
FLEX!
See these hoes We done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em!
Lames better salute em! Ugh!
Gucci Mane's a baller hooper shooter
Yo girl is a booster stupid rooster. 
Come through when I coop her
Loose the roofa 
We the bitch macker
Choose a mover 
Brick Squad we the shit!
Pooper Scooper! 
Yo man is a Bitch!
Super Loser! 
They say I'm a user?
Pussy bruiser 
I got to get a towel!
She's a crazy Drooler 
Shout out to my jeweler
Frankie Muler 
10 chains on...
Bitch I'm Ricky Ruler 
Talkin Cash shit bitch
Stanky Sewers 
6 bitches with me
Yup 6 plural! GUCCI!
Ok these hoes we done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em!
Lames better salute em!
FLEX!
See these hoes We done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em! 
Lames better salute em! Ugh!
2 Chaaainz!! Whoa Kemosabe I get Rooster in my Rari 
Beez in Tha Trap I put my ding-a-ling on Barbie! 
I go Dumb I'm retarded
Pockets on Charles Barkley
I go Crazy Gnarls Barkley
Lungs full of BOB MARLEY!!! 
I don't play no games
But my joy stick from Atari 
All I eat is Beats Pussy lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I make it look easy easy easy
I make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
I make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
They know me as the king of the shine
It's Busta Buss bitch they call me stimulus rhymes
Familiar with women I got you curious times two
Delirious with bread so serious with the mind
Conspicuous you might wanna take a flick of this line
I'm sick with this think you really wanna get with the swine flu?
Ridiculous with such a meticulous grind 
Ventriloquist the way niggas will spit when I rhyme too
Sometimes it's hard to believe me the way I
Come with them classics and make it look easy and then I
Make me this money and spend it so freely and Jedi
Corner the market that's when I
Make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
I make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
I make it look easy
Know what this custom Louis just cost me?
Well if you did you'd probably get your fucking hand off me
It's Damier leather chocolate darker than coffee
Staring at the space shuttle when I pull up they pull off see?
Shawty be probably be pushing and answer me softly
She love the fact that I rep everything that a boss be
The type of boss she should get to know and never should cross me
That make certain shit happen I don't really think you should force me
All the way from the start to the finish my friend I
Be getting it popping from the spot til they tell me can I
Make it look easier than fighting a midget ridder
Both of that kush nigga then I
Make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
I make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
I make it look easy
So see me make my diamonds I'm a go with high society
Busta rhyming rocking custom diamonds
I'm blinding shit to me is easy grinding
Even if I was signed ain't no need to sign me
Entirely too turnt up my mind is
Focused on money like the IRS is
I pull up in a scratched Lexus with Texas
Tags so many bricks I cause erections
Lethal injection electric necklace
 I'm flexing so check that off the checklist
I'm hungry I'm eating rappers for breakfast
Respect one verse will leave you breathless
I'm rapping on a Biggie beat they didn't expect it
Fucking with me expect the unexpected
Easy breezy lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. 2 Chainz Jeremih Drama)
Gucci Mane and Jeremih see fine too fly
You a damn liar
I stayed higher than a fucking flyer
You stay up like gun powder
Shawty lock on like a plier
She OC she crazy her shoe game is amazing
And a bad game is blazing
Put some days in with the stray in
I flew her in for the weekend
Can't even remember where we began
But I hope that the shit don't end
She so cool she bring friends
Matthew shoe crystalline dance
We lock him but we spiked out
Got a course seen that you sparkle in
King of every day like Jet Li
Ten I'm a change like Mr.T
We the real 3 no mistery
Only bang on the baby she missing me
Tell her boyfriend is history
Beat the pussy up no sympathy
On the highway to the drive way
Well it's hard to drive 'cause she all over me
She ain't the little girl I used to know
Got in the body got them beating in the soul
I gave it to relax the time she tried to let it go
Headed for destruction and everybody know
She outta control she-she outta control
She outta control she-she outta control
She outta control
What's your name ceao hey
Where you from up
You fine as hell
Your skin tone is honey bun
Like a basketball
We can do this one on one
I gotta love Jones
I'm the rest hey see get along
She page calling my booty phone
She need me won't be alone
Say her old boyfriend's at
Cheating on Bambino
And so now on hold she calling
She at me she fallin'
Page mistakes she stay too long
My bubble with no brakes out of control
Brakes out of control
She ain't the little girl I used to know
Got in the body got them beating in the soul
I gave it to relax the time she tried to let it go
Headed for destruction and everybody know
She outta control she-she outta control
She outta control she-she outta control
She outta control
She outta control she on the Patrone
She told me that she love me
I said I love you more
I gotta end my sweet I said sup my swag
You call it face time I call it ipad
She be running through my mind lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ridin' around with these ballers
Got a white girl that don't charge
She work it up how poor
Got a baby dad and they in love
Put about 50 pounds of his dope
Heard the damn with his dog
Got some kilos under their arm
With my brig squad and my broads
Kiddy pants in my car
I have money no story
And I've heard this shit and I'm boss
Got a truck hop with no air see
But we're squashed up no good
To the street life I'm in HD
Nuff said a nigga so hood
Got a pentagram no camera
I swear I'm 'bout the hood
Ain't 'bout her maybe them 2
Maybe cool with these then more
I'm a rich sloppy you sure
The city's there on tour
Got a little fucker we ball
Ridin' around with these ballers
Got a white girl that don't charge
She work it up lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Future Jeremih)
Yea yea yea yea uuuuuuuh
I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea
I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea
Bitches say I'm photogenic diamonds dessin' off my pendich
Stirrin' like I'm creek a spinach
This gon take like 40 minutes
Got 20 minutes so let it out
I'm the nigga that you read about
Beat the type of you pussy niggas
I hate these lames a whole lot
I was talkin' not libra witness every day I'm hellin' business
Pulling up in big old Benzes yea my Rolls is real expensive
This why I invert but I scared a lot
Which grub boys get bread a lot
She got out now bring the titties out
Let it talk like in the city light
I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea
I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea
I cut off their lights ho
I'm still proud of my light show
I don't have to grab the mike I step out then my ears flow
I'm a walkin' crystal ball got a sack full of money like Santa Claus
I play so much that codeine I don't ever had no withdraw
My girls come to my show they come to my show they don't have all clothes on
Got devious and trippin' all my niggs are like a waterfall
All sparklin' on my wrist you know my ears don't have no one to call
You've got diamonds in your face it ain't no mistake and girl I gotta ball
I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea
I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea
My diamonds...
So everyday I'm hustling hustling so what
Never been a D boy but now I got my dough up
Hey girl I'm a boss cause my dough up
And the bitches callin' them doughnuts
Cruisin' through the hundreds in a 2 door
Diamonds shinin' easy look like blue balls
One chain lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I met this pretty yellow bitch her name was Jasmine
She said I'm ten times richer than her last man.
I get like 15 thousand dollars on a bad game
But Fuck that come shop with me you know I got them bags in.
I'm stupid so I got my engine in the ass in
I'm in the back of my Rolls with a Mac 10
My wrist spin like a motherfucker windmill.
I told cash shit I'm slicker than an R spill.
Your girlfriend suck dick like a vacuum
Excuse me I know you took that bitch Cancoon.
My automat saying 9: 50 ten 'till.
I suplex a brick and ddt a whole bail.
Hopefully hopefully.
I'm running for mayor come and vote for me.
Vote for me smoke with me
Pron a couple beds I'll let you work for me.
Sell dope for me get blow for me
Gucci Mane got work yea that's a quote from me
Cheap price fuck with me.
Shit these colour brands I got them groceries.
I'm throwing money nigga like I'm Tom Bradie
Don't be surprised if Gucci fuck your old lady.
How I felt about you nigga you are all navy
I took your girlfriend to the spot and she went dumb crazy.
Might just hit the club with an 80 on me
Bitches standing in line swear they're waiting on me.
So much ice on I should have bought a water coat
But the chick is on the table like is devil time
You know Gucci Mane the shit that nigga burned a fool.
Chill niggas cripple bitches in my swimming pool
Two topless Russian twins playing ping-pong
And they say my patience's short but my money long.
Hopefully hopefully.
I'm running for mayor come and vote for me.
Vote for me smoke with me
Pron a couple beds I'll let you work for me.
Sell dope for me get blow for me
Gucci Mane got work yea that's a quote from me
Cheap price fuck with me.
Shit these colour brands lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Man I told these motherfuckers I was the last trapper man
The fuck these niggas talkin' about eh? Huh?
TCS trust gon first nigga let's go
Now you could tell that I did this shit first hand
I paid for it send it out and pray the work land
Soon as it touched the town I ain't servin' no weight I'm bringing everything down
Got my pop 'round the corner in the building poppin' 4-12
I sold at least the breakin' dimes before 12
Made my bags bigger they gave me more cents
I made at least a couple million off my dope bands
And I even put my trap in my bitch name
I put a little asteroid soon as the bricks came
Tryna find the love I'm tryna find the plug
Ain't sure what I could do when it come to moving drugs
Fit for G ounce of marijuana
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
Stay strapped party like a baller
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
Fit for G ounce of marijuana
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
Stay strapped party like a baller
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
I ball in my Polos don't ball in my Pumas
Gucci Mane look fab and I got some big cahunas
I'm a shockin' you with tuna and I just heard a rumor
Marooney white Jag callin' Oklahoma soon us
Gotta trap us round the corner til we spuzz in a dead end
Free rooms at today's inn this song says I'm a legend
I got 2 piece my 2 piece
I got twin tits and 3 vets
Half a mill in my cool net
And I do flicks where I glue bricks
Sell Vicodin sell H pills
Sell Molly sell Rufus
Tell Fish Scale I got Ninas got 4's got deuces
Got a lean spot that's exclusive
Got ounces pints and juices
Sell nick bad sell zig-zag
Sell pipes lighters and looses
Fit for G ounce of marijuana
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
Stay strapped party like a baller
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
Fit for G ounce of marijuana
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
Stay strapped lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yea we on the air right now
Know what I'm sayin'?
You didn't think I was official man
Read my T-shirt man
Look what that say right there
My homie's back okay?
Talkin' Ferrari boys I'm the third member they haven't exposed out yet
But I am the third member
You know Ferrari boys so I'm out here to do my camie wall
Got my wardrobe together
Gucci good to have you back homie
Let's keep you back know what I mean? Alright
Sway world famous like you showed up keen and tech
I see you reached nice
Wuddup bitch I see you Vermont dukes
Shaheen Lee Bob Martin and Vic lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. 2 Chainz Future Waka Flocka Flame Yo Gotti DJ Scream)
Now all I rock is Polo dollar sign my logo
Then I drop the top on my car call it porno
Yeah I'm the realest you can ask your BM
Shawty I'm the shit aka the pimp
Warup Dj Scream Cory what's happenin'?
Spins on the beat Tity Boi rappin'
It's time to turn up told em let's do it
And I'm from the A turn our heat up with that unit
I'm an astronaut I'm a NASA I'm a rock star I'm a shotta
With a bomber clock who wanna test me
Yeah girl she wanna sex me
Caress me for me she turn to lesbi
I'm tuned into the radio I count up all these fetti
Ay DJ Spinz freebandz Cory B freebandz DJ Scream freebandz Talk to me freebandz
Ay DJ Spinz freebandz Cory B freebandz DJ Scream freebandz Talk to me freebandz
I'm so fucking turnt up with this hood bitch
Diamonds on my neck and wrist call it hood rich
But on some hood shit I fuck with the real niggas
In the trap with the goonies and the drug dealers
I'm so fucking turnt up with this hood bitch
Diamonds on my neck and wrist call it hood rich
But on some hood shit I fuck with the real niggas
In the trap with the goonies and the drug dealers
I'm capped up hood shit real nigga hood rich
Bad bitches only but she must be a hood bitch
I'm riding round in your city strapped up and I'm getting in
Lambo NASCAR loud pipes and I'm in it
Top down my chain on you a real nigga that's the same song
Glock 40 my aim on little fuck boy you a lame ho
I'm turned up can't turn me down
I'm sacked up and I'm on the town
The hell fire can't burn me down and you know the sound
This hood rich radio you better not change the station
It's Gucci mane la flare they say I changed the nation
I'm a trapper slash rapper yea that's my occupation
And I don't cary chump change all I do is carry faces
I'm monopoly I ball I think I'm Dominique
Primetime like Dion I make them kiss my cleats
I brought you juice I brought you flock Now whos the next to blow?
I'm so boulder crest so Texaco so Cresham road
I'm so fucking turnt up with this hood bitch
Diamonds on my neck and wrist call it hood rich
But on some hood shit I fuck with the real niggas
In the trap with the goonies and the drug dealers
I'm so fucking turnt up with this hood bitch
Diamonds on my neck and wrist call it hood rich
But on some hood shit lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Ay yeah boy ay yeah
Ay yeah boy ay yeah
Ay Yeah Ay yeah boy
Ay Yeah Ay Yeah boy
Ay yeah
Dirty dancing in my mansion in my t-shirt and her panties Uh
Touchin on her fanny she pretty just like my granny Uh
Gucci Manes a thug all he do is sell drugs uh
Once she see me in the club
Thirty minutes she in love uh
Your man is a has been
Gucci past ten
He an ant I'm an elephant
You should leave him uh
Middle of the day got her wearin lingerie
She so fine she so sexy she so pretty in the face uh
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane you suckers make your girl uh
Damn Imma really make her think Imma bump her uh
Punchin like a third grader we gonna get in trouble
Gucci Mane I think I love her
So we sex on top of covers uh
Went through plenty rubbers uh
Man this girl got stamina uh
Sex tapes just like Pamela
The average dude can't handle her uh
Solitary carry her uh
But I don't wanna marry her uh
Gucci Mane's a bachelor uh
But baby girl I snatched her up uh
She's a free agent but I snatched her up
She can play on my team
All my bench I trade'em in she gonna go get my green
She's my MVP She's my favorite
She my MVP She my favorite
Fakers on the trading block she gonna play on my team
Play her so i snatched her up she gonna star on my team
She my MVP She my favorite
She my MVP She my favorite
Come here baby listen uh
I just wanna be wit ya
Sex you on my furniture
Work it like ya manager uh
Don't need the kush she fine as uh
Toughest girl I never would
Ricky baby picky who I pick because I'm rich as fuck uh
Pick you up in Lamborghini's she pull up in Porsche trucks
If her husband found about up he'll probly divorce her uh
Sorry darling my rings on my feet I got a gator problem
Lizard fetish one thousand on my feet I'm in the Gucci Section
Gucci Mane be stupid flexin like he got a new connection
Baby girl so stupid sexy got me with a huge erection
Hit all that at the intersection
Tell me if you're interested
Public sex illegal but I bump you while we get arrested
Time out time out mine out time out
Your chick at the steak house
My right wrist a light house 
Honestly she got a man
I feel that I'm tryin to punish her
But she so fine I know she had one but shit Gucci confident uh.
She's a free agent but I snatched her up
She can play on my team
All my bench I trade'em in she gonna go get my green
She's my MVP She's my favorite
She my MVP She my favorite fakers on the trading block she gonna play on my team
Play her so i snatched her up she gonna star on my team
She my MVP She my favorite
She my MVP She my favorite
Gucci world girl come
Gucci's girls well cut
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane Drumma boy god damn
So Icey I am chillin with your girlfriend
You didnt put a ring on it so your not a husband
All night lovin
Naked back rubbin
Bump and grind and thumpinghumping
Gucci Mane the coach yeah
Imma crank the club up
Gucci got your girl toss salad hold ya wish though.
She's a free agent but I snatched her up
She can play on my team
All my bench I trade'em in she gonna go get my green
She's my MVP She's my favorite
She my MVP She my favorite fakers on the trading block she gonna play on my team
Play her so i snatched her up she gonna star on my team
She my MVP She my favorite
She my MVP lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Red Cafe Verse Simmonds)
Nevermind all these other Bitches baby you the best
I'm gon throw all this money till I ain't got nothin left
Take ya time with me baby I want all that I can get
All of this is yours but I just got one request.
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Me you and ya friends damn we goin in
Shawty drop another bottle just in case tonight's the end
Take a hit of this we jumpin out the window
All that ass you gotta turn a priest into a nympho
And u bad as fuck you bad as fuck
Stepped out lookin so glamorous uh huh
All these hoes lookin like fans of yours uh huh
Girl I'd have a party all over your body if you let me
Girl don't act like you don't know.
Do that shit that you been practicin at home all alone
You just downed a half of bottle of Patron' on your own
Oh you gone? Yea you gone
It's ok cause you grown take it low as it go.
Nevermind all these other Bitches baby you the best
I'm gon throw all this money till I ain't got nothin left
Take ya time with me baby I want all that I can get
All of this is yours but I just got one request.
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Yea shake it like you in Vegas
Shake it like you in Vegas
All these hoes don't shake like you so all these hoes your haters
We could take it to the basics
Champagne and fuck faces
I'm the dude that ever like I'm in the grip and then tape us
I'm a dog baby hold up baby
Please give me your all baby
You ain't never been with a freak like me
I'm a soak up all that sauce baby
You true as shit you my down girl
Ass round this my town girl
I bet this Chanel bag will upside down your frown girl
Shake it like you wasn't well fed
Why would you go elsewhere?
I'm a keep it 100 fuck me good and you get medcare
Let me sample that bonbon that gushy gushy bonbon
Scratch that let me explode in that
Time bomb like...
Nevermind all these other Bitches baby you the best
I'm gon throw all this money till I ain't got nothin left
Take ya time with me baby I want all that I can get
All of this is yours but I just got one request.
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
If you keep that shit 100 when can make little 'bove 100
Thousand dollars baby girl it's all good with the bigger country
I'm a big boy I don't play no games girls I play with money
I got hoods lined on their pussies
Said I hit 'em when I wouldn't
Say she say she down demandin' why she all off in my sushi
She so sexy she so fine
Just to meet her is a blessing
Have your motor where your trunk is s'posed to be the stupid question
Is it real or is it fake they do mine girl let me test ya
Pressure over bank row baby dance it ain't no stress
You my dick standin' at attention like a fuckin' army bitch
Let me smash her half the night then she woke up and cooked me breakfast
I told her I wished I could stay but I gotta catch a flight to Texas
Nevermind all these other Bitches baby you the best
I'm gon throw all this money till I ain't got nothin left
Take ya time with me baby I want all that I can get
All of this is yours but I just got one request.
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Don't it feel good to know you got fans?
Waitin' on you girl cause you bad
Something like the main attraction yea you the one the one
Girl let's get a little personal don't take it personal
But you a bad bitch I just had to let you know
But I'm on it goddamn
I want it but so bad
For tonight I thought that you likin' this
You be good whatever you like
Talkin' girl as we speak
Got the world at your feet
Got o school of Alabama
Every Monday you be back in Atlanta
You don't really party that's the money involved
Other than that you get turned back home
You don't ever be around girls less drama
Do something that you faked up with your mama
Along with all that ass you get all this cash
Nevermind all these other Bitches baby you the best
I'm gon throw all this money till I ain't got nothin left
Take ya time with me baby I want all that I can get
All of this is yours but I just got one request.
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Well it take money to make money
That's why I make money
Need some today so
I'm a go and take they money
Play money I weigh money
Hundred grand that's play money
Counterfeit that's fake money
Lob city that's Blake money
Cash money that Drake money
Broke niggas they hate money
Rappers they get slave money
Gucci Mane I save money
Gamble in your face money
Brick squad we taste money
Gold diggers they chase money
Rich niggas! We waste money!
Street smart I know money
Y'all niggas got no money
Still making that slow money
Hide cause you owe money
Pimp niggas get ho money
Scared money don't make money
Like Big Meech I blow money
Y'all niggas is so funny
It take money to make money
Anytime you ready 
Wanna race nigga wanna gamble?
Anytime you ready 
Like to shop and like to travel?
Anytime you ready 
I could hit the club and go crazy
Anytime you ready 
Got money I said it
Bricksquad we ain't petty
I'm so big headed hundred eighty grand on my chevy
Go broke won't let it
Swag sick can't help it
Financial goals I met it
It's a drumma track and it's epic
Hood nigga with credit
Bills I don't sweat it
Cash I go get it
But these broke niggas pathetic
Rich niggas go get it
Bitch niggas get jealous
Drop money I'm careless
It's all mine I'm selfish
Your money home you left it?
Broke nigga can't help it
Ball hard I'm wealthy
Thank God I'm healthy
From the jet way to the jet-ski
Aren't you glad you met me?
Haters say they don't like me
But they gotta respect me!
G nigga about paper
Them niggas getting the vapor
We them niggas flipping that money
And them other niggas be fakers
High roller we shot call
Real nigga we been balling
Pussy nigga catch a sideline and
Watching niggas who both balling
Hustle nigga my own line
Pussy niggas get flat-line
Money nigga get all the time
New whip for the sunshine
Hustle with my balling nigga
Cooking up them quarter nigga
Stepping up them order niggas
Getting it out that water nigga
Rich game my rich gang nigga
Feline and my wrist game nigga
Weed niggas getting rich game
We the niggas flipping the wrist game
Key nigga we move blood
Get it from the G blood
Uptown lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Plies Rocko)
That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay
That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay
Her lips. her tongue her mouf the bomb
The award for the best mouf I swear she won
The way she chew with her gums feel like she ain't got no teeth
68 I owe her one at 204 I owe her 3 
That mouf that mouf
I swear I fuckin' love her mouf
Let her kiss me on my head
Never kiss me on my mouf
Crazy brain smarty mouf
Stupid dumb retarded mouf
Her jaws so tight her neck so right
She got that party mouf
She a real cool chick I fuck with her she don't run her mouf
Keep my name up out her mouf can't keep keep my thing up out her mouf
Met her up north keep her south something 'bout her mouf
Put me to sleep can't feel my feet
Whenever she give me that mouf
That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay
That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay
I'm black like that I mack like that
I act like I don't know her
I'm Gucci and she love my aura but I like her oral
Her boyfriend got her spoiled takin' trips to Bora Bora
But I treat her like whore she suckin' dick from 2 to 4
And my top it drop my boobies out
She super stout with super mouf
Recruit her mouf salute her mouf
I'm in and out all through her mouf
She suckin' dick all through the house
She salivin' like a poodel
I choose her mouf abuse her mouf
But never do I refuse her mouf
She eat a dick I squirt a bit she got a barracuda mouf
Head so good a lame nigga might empty out his bank account
She cussed me out bitch watch your mouf
I wish that I could save her mouf
She topped me off right off the couch
I nutted she didn't take it out
That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay
That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay
Me and her okay but I'm in love with her esophagus
Asked me was her mouf good I told that bitch I'm positive
Asked me why I'm gutta with her told her it's my prerogative
Told me that I taste good I told the bitch gracias
I just wanna make her mouf good I told her when it's the sloppiest
Told me daddy talk to me I told her bitch you pilin' it
I just wanna buy her mouf I asked 'er was she sellin' it
One word describe her with the dick bitch you passionate
She be wanting the lights on but I be wanting the opposite
I'm just tryna dog her mouf they just wanna wife the bitch
Told her she can get rich off the mouf if she licensed it
Suck and fuck me the same damn time I'm on that future shit
That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay
That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I love things about her
I love the way she treat me
I love the way she fuck me
I love the way she suck me
I'm a trap-aholic all I do is ball
Tear the mall down now trick
Don't flag me down. See me down town 'Rrari
I didn't mean to shit on you. Excuse me sorry
Verse so slick make my video marvelous
Polo to the floor. Ralph'd down like Carlton
Try the CEO they goin' put you on a carton
I didn't mean no harm but my diamonds are dumb plenty rocks on my arm
Me & Rocko the Don East Atlanta the Slum
Where I'm from got a gun in the club havin fun
And after it's done no more coaches to call it
After party? Bachelor party they shoulda called it
I love things about her 
I love the way she treat me 
I love the way she fuck me 
I love the way she suck me 
Man I love the way she shake it
I like her cause she groovy
Love to see her naked; I love to watch her move it
I like her cause she the coolest
A good head on her shoulders I love the way she use it
Aye I like the way she fuck me love the way she suck me
Love how everytime we play she catch it like rugby
I love she know what's up with me she love me cause I'm gudda
I like a lot about her; though but still I don't love her
Still super cool though yeah she my lil buddy
She be sharper than a pencil
Yeah she my lil cuddy
Shawty say I'm dirty but when I see her she wanna hug me
Super swagger charismatic all my bitches love me
I love things about her 
I love the way she treat me 
I love the way she fuck me 
I love the way she suck me 
I love how she be swallowin my nut then she be throwin me up
I like the way she fuck but still I hate when she be blowin me up
All the busters just sweat her only ballers can get her
She a flipper I love how she do whatever I tell her
Yeah I like her a lot but still don't love her at all
I hate pussy ass niggas and I'm in love with the mall
I got a crush on white diamonds and I got a thang for that kush
That sour diesel my favorite you betta watch how you look
Quick to take ya lil diva and treat that ho like a slut
She was suckin on Gucci I had my dick in her butt
You know I'm bad bitch crazy 187's my favorite
Infatuated with money lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I got my girl dancing with another girl
I got my girl grinding on another girl
And I love it when they dancing
Girl on girl girl on girl girl on girl
My girl dancing with fine women
Fine with me she poison Mike Pippings
Manolo said it that girl is a lesbian
Holter top Alexander leggings on
Plus she white girl wasted
2 white girls on the dance floor naked
She's grinding on her my eyes low from the medical one up
When it's all said and done can we fornicate?
Take you out your birthday suit eat your birthday cake
It's phantoms and them Bentley's when them homies roll
The mansion like an old loop video
So much siroc they think I'm diddy yo
2 models dancing looking like centerfolds
And my pockets full of knots from them bank rolls
Castelle on them boozy ass stake hoes
I got my girl dancing with another girl
I got my girl grinding on another girl
And I love it when they dancing
Girl on girl girl on girl girl on girl
Grind down grilly fine hoe silly
Drinking ace of spade till they ass get thrilly
Gucci's just chillin Ned's just chillin
Got a colt 45 just like dilly
I'm smoking on piffy I'm like king Griffith
Knocking home ones cause my nigga just dripping
I'm a be a billionaire if God willing
Money to the ceiling that's how the squad feeling
Girls on girls girls on girls
Going animal like squirrel on squirrel
Brick squad world Gucci Mane here
White in the club with the quarter mill ears
I got my girl dancing with another girl
I got my girl grinding on another girl
And I love it when they dancing
Girl on girl girl on girl lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Bobby Valentino Kafani)
She's tryna play hard I get it
Meet me at the car in five minutes
And bring your friend if she's with it
Both of ya gonna get it
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
It's Gucci!
Tryna play hard I get it
Got good game I spit it
Wanna bring a friend? I'm with it
Oh that's your girlfriend? My bad I hit it
Like when it's gushy I twist it let's go out let's kick it
If you still runnin' shops in my city
And I can't even lie you fly and I dig it
Call me when you ain't busy
Two bad bitches they're kissing
One I will go they miss it
I'm the one they call for the late night visit
She's tryna play hard I get it
Meet me at the car in five minutes
And bring your friend if she's with it
Both of ya gonna get it
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
I love chicks I get chicks I keep me a bad bitch
I ride with ya's I take I brag I got it
Bentley got it! Bright lean got it
Chick I ride it dick she ride it!
Baby bring your friends in here she a nympho
Backstage stripper babygirl really get dough
I'm a knock it down oh really really beat it up
She ride me like a 6 stick make me skeet eat it up
Momma is a full when it comes with the sex talk
Met her at the bar with her friend and we crap up
Sex where we left off they both got a big ass
Funny baby got the ladies yeah I keep okay
She's tryna play hard I get it
Meet me at the car in five minutes
And bring your friend if she's with it
Both of ya gonna get it
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
Pull up valet new whips foreign
2 chick foreign Rosay pourin'
All the ladies on me now when I got them 2
Baby catch me next time you could get your issue
I ain't playin' no games girl I'm a knock that pussy down
Eat it up and bend it over I'm a go a hundred rounds
Girl bring your girlfriends girl flickin girls too
Got a nice tongue ring and some good pearl too
Model type designer type baby really light it right
Funny baby got the ladies giving money every night
Head game proper rolling stone like a rocker
Gotta have 2 girls baby girl bring your trap to me
Hard I get it
Meet me at the car in five minutes
And bring your friend if she's with it
Both of ya gonna get it
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Rick Ross Ludacris Wale Meek Mill Gunplay Future)
I wear Gucci I wear bailey at the same damn time
On the phone cooking dope at the same damn time
Selling white selling mid at the same damn time
Fucking two bad bitches at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
I'm at Pluto I'm at Mars at the same damn time
On the sofa poppin' bottles at the same damn time
Fuck your sister and you girl at the same damn time
All these diamonds that I rock could make a bitch go blind
Yella ice white ice at the same damn time
Walkin' straight in the club I don't stand in no line
Know my glasses Jimmy Chus but I got them Gucci shoes
Rule the Louie V and Prada that I swear I'm so confused
I got the future Linige mall in the same damn day
Spendin' 10k in future feel the same damn way
Serve my baby momma brother got the same ole grind
Sellin' bills sellin' bricks at the same damn time
I get better every year so my flow is like wine
I'm a rapper and a trapper at the same damn time
I wear Gucci I wear bailey at the same damn time
On the phone cooking dope at the same damn time
Selling white selling mid at the same damn time
Fucking two bad bitches at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
I'm at Pluto I'm at Mars at the same damn time
On the sofa poppin' bottles at the same damn time
Whipping white and baking soda at the same damn time
Puffy got a mansion bitch I got the same damn kind
Went and bought two sixty twos at the same damn time
Rock an AP and a Rolly at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
Still selling boy and girl at the same damn time
Selling cane getting brain at the same damn time
All the women say my name at the same damn time
Letting off two different choppers at the same damn time
Putting down in different projects at the same damn time
Dope money still a object it's the same damn grind
But I got two platinum artists at the same damn time
Went and got two Maseratis at the same damn time
Liberace John Gotti at the same damn time
At the same damn time it's the same damn grind
Captain boy cooking crack at the same damn time
On my Twitter writing raps at the same damn time
Getting head counting bread at the same down time
She on Molly she with Mary at the same damn time
We the squad Young Folarin out that Maybach Mob
Fuck a tape fuck your broad
Middle finger up to the mother fucking law
No days off Gunplay ball sick with the cross like DeRon going off
At the same damn time
Shape like a eight face like a nine
Heard she dancin' at Kamal's and she make too much to stop
And she stripping go to college
And they trickin' her deposit
While them bitches always gossip she busy going shopping
At the same at the same time
And your girl don't show her face when I be FaceTimin'
SB Nike's with the grey box
You in the past me and Future on the same watch
I wear Gucci I wear bailey at the same damn time
On the phone cooking dope at the same damn time
Selling white selling mid at the same damn time
Fucking two bad bitches at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
I'm at Pluto I'm at Mars at the same damn time
On the sofa poppin' bottles at the same damn time
All black khaki jumper actin' a donkey
At the same damn time got these bitches poppin' monkey
Metro Zoo in here with my crew in here
With all these hogs in the game no room for you in here
Limo tints on my shades skinnies on my blades
Crocodile kicks like my hood the Everglades
Rich forever paid
Do it with no effort now let's effin' celebrate
Toast and spill the grapes hoes catchin' vapes
Toe touchin' freaks
She jumped on my pole and did a pole trick for me
Slippin' on ya pimpin' that means more grip for me
Chrome lips on the Forgi's damn near swallowing the street
You owe me homie have that now
I'm a pull that Gat out now
Must be out your rabbit mind I'm thuggin' rappin' same damn time
I rock Gucci I rock Louie at the same damn time
I shoot you and kill ya homie with the same damn nine
In kitchen whippin' blow it got the same damn crumbs
I need a ho that's like my pro without the same damn mind
At the same damn time gettin' hit on by a couple hoes
Two big faces on my wrist boy I got a couple those
I told her I love that pussy she think we a couple though
And she got a boyfriend but she say he a sucka though
At the same time pull up like James Bond
In that Aston Martin on these niggas game time
Fresh ass Mike's my Rollie on ice
Got bitches on Mollies they rollin' all night
I be way out in Cali got hoes of all types
With 80 racks in my pocket nigga I go in all night
I wear Gucci I wear bailey at the same damn time
On the phone cooking dope at the same damn time
Selling white selling mid at the same damn time
Fucking two bad bitches at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
I'm at Pluto I'm at Mars at the same damn time
On the sofa poppin' bottles at the same damn time
Yeaah Luda is unstoppable his money is astronomical
Sell as many records as a nigga like me that shit is just impossible
Rappers is dillusional and now they talking more shit
Anything is lie when it coming out the mouth of a desperate starving broke Bitch
Choke Bitch you used to be good but now you're garbage
Any nigga that wanna step up to the plate and battle will get demolished
My flows is rubbing off just like their fingernail polish
You rappers ain't got no swag you need to kill your Fucking stylist
They biting like piranhas then crying to their momma
These Niggas best to call their troops back like Obama
That trash that you're spitting didn't faze me matter of fact your record label still pays me
See Luda never starting shit I'm always on my grind but I'll respond to three rappers at the same damn time
I wear Gucci I wear bailey at the same damn time
On the phone cooking dope at the same damn time
Selling white selling mid at the same damn time
Fucking two bad bitches at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
I'm at Pluto I'm at Mars at the same damn time
On the sofa poppin' bottles lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
So this is the end of the story
Started selling weed from my brother the age was eleven
Thirty off a hundred dollars he working the shipments
Seventh grade Christmas time momma gave me a fifty
I spent that fifty with the dope man he gave me two fifties
I owed a fifty but I trapped and I paid him so quickly
I had them dimes so big junkies callin me biggie
I moved out paying rent was such a good feeling
I hit a lick thirty grams fell out of the ceiling
Iím in Savannah and my nigga like king of the city
In Alabama with them hammers they plotting to get me
These suckers tried to take my life on a couple of occasions
They grinded hard thirty years never took a vacation
And ever since seventeen been stuck on probation
I chased a nigga stabbed his ass now they calling me Jason
I fell out with my homeboy I swear it was crazy
And we don't really know each other but he having a baby
I travelled all around the world been plenty of places
I'm Gucci trashbag cash got plenty of faces
In Sun Valley trapping hard like back in the Eighties
I left with eighty lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I got a Robin jean saggin' and I ain't even braggin'
I gave the bitch five hundred fuck it I ain't even cryin'
Now I'm gettin' older rocking Gucci Louis 'lo
I still remember the first day that I ain't had to serve swoll
Without sand to the beach I brought toast to the source
I did ya girlfriend a autograph Gucci Mane pose
It ain't no muthafuckin' secret hell yeah I got shooted 
I'm the plug to the plug I'ma goddamn boost
You ain't no muthafuckin' gangsta you's a goddamn moofer
And you gettin' in the way cause your homegirl choosin'  
I'm on my birthday Gucci want a brand new uzi
I'm my worst day I'm worth ten mill no jewlery 
Killa's waitin' in the bushes just to tie ya ass up
Gave my young nigga a gun and told 'em to fire yo ass up
Seems like everywhere you go somebody try ya ass up
I got real money nigga I can buy my own luck
Headshots 
All my young niggas aiming headshots
Headshots 
Put a dub on yo head
Headshots 
Yo son call you a dead beat
Stepped on my feet nigga you dead meat
I'm grinding up this ground beef
I think they just wanna surround me
Self made with a brick too
Nigga shoes dirty but the stick new
Hittin' 12th grade with a big crew
Now I'm well paid I can flip you
Holding on my dick Michael Corleone bitch
Headshot like Fredo fuck nigga don't flintch 
The empire back the empire back
I got some whip out in foltin my brick just keep boucin' back
Killa's waitin' in the bushes just to tie ya ass up
Gave my young nigga a gun and told 'em to fire yo ass up
Seems like everywhere you go somebody try ya ass up
I got real money nigga I can buy my own luck
Headshots 
All my young niggas aiming headshots
Headshots 
Put a dub on yo head
Headshots 
Nigga's got killed at my show last weekend
But how am I to blame when they were already beefin' 
When they first started shootin' man we were just leavin'
Try bricksquad and we wont let you get up that easy
Gucci Mane the C.E.O I feel like eazy 
The rap game love me but the dope game need me
Baby said she never seen a nigga so freezin'  
These Vivi S diamond's make me feel like major 
I had a pistol in the club first day I met Weezy
AR in the car the first day I met Jeezy
When I first started dissin nigga said it just teasin'
Glock 40 on my hip it was just me and mac breezy 
Killa's waitin' in the bushes just to tie ya ass up
Gave my young nigga a gun and told 'em to fire yo ass up
Seems like everywhere you go somebody try ya ass up
I got real money nigga lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Addicted to the pesos mane
Addicted to that dinero you know what I mean?
I can't get no sleep I got the money habit
Every time I see some money you know I gotta grab it
Dope boy I do magic with saran wrapper
The same old bricks than the contractor
And you can't bring it back if you done bust a wrapper
My daughter four months bricks in her Pampers
I'm a role master I love Tampa
You say you're from the streets then I gotta stamp ya
Grant Jackson Ben Franklin
If money do what you did you ain't gonna make it
The streets will get it to you and the streets will take it
Every nigga in the streets got no patience
I got money habits I got money habits
Every time I see some money yeah I gotta grab it
I got money habits I got money habits
Daydreaming seeing money talking Ben Franklin
I got money habits I got money habits
Every time I see some money yeah I gotta grab it
I got money habits I got money habits
Daydreaming seeing money talking Ben Franklin
I go loco bout that gwapo on the chopper with the chopper
Like a rasta I will shot your blocka blocka Waka Floka
I got youngers in the hood will kill you whack for fifty dollar
Holla red rock if get you scared nigga I never holler
Don't be bothered that scrap deceitful right to your father
I brought tape to a Tyler
Knowing about a anthem but I got a bunch of baby bottles
For instance I bag dough the digger never bother
I diss this floor of the Georgia's father
My B goes and still sends the bills across the border
Up the boat bitch I splash you look like she came out the water
It's Brick Squad to some scene and ain't no niggas harder
I got money habits I got money habits
Every time I see some money yeah I gotta grab it
I got money habits I got money habits
Daydreaming seeing money talking Ben Franklin
I got money habits I got money habits
Every time I see some money yeah I gotta grab it
I got money habits I got money habits
Daydreaming seeing money lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Mr. East a line it back nigga
Aka Mr. Perfect
Aka Gucci Sousa
Aka the trap god Nicholas go
Hallelujah
My blood just send me 50 I got first wide a refusal
My bitch is my main shooter I make my bitch go do ya
Donít bring your bitch around my chick my bitch might Jimmy chew er
Itís guap it ainít hip-hop but I bet diamonds bluer
Got 3 spots I got 2 drops and it ainít no nigga cooler
Got 3 reigns I got 10 chains and I thank on Ricky Ruller
Got the young niggas in my straight A cuz thatís a odd maneuver
My trap back I had a flashback when I shot at a intruder
In the section full of bad bitches and they all wanna smoke hookas
Well I beat the block the way I work the trade
Man you think Iím a producer
The sergeant here ñ Medusa
Get dumb have you nigga tutored
I might not by you no Mercedes
But Iímma drive your ass crazy
That sucker shit it donít phase me
They way she sucking ñ so amazing
Iím bout to drive a bitch crazy
That sucker shit just donít phase me
Iím bout to make a bitch pay me
You take good care of nigga baby
Iím bout to drive a bitch crazy
White flag no black car
Flat back car off 2 bars
With 3 broads 40 grand in my G stars
Pink slip ñ donít lease ours
Who the fuck you think we are?
Retard kick start this brick squad
That candy touch your body parts
Trapped out like towed cars
Goons have it real like drug lords
Got young cars in gold cars
My A&Rís are dope boy
Like the drugs are in a coke war
Just whip a nigga with a crowbar
Security guards they trail the use
So we pullin up and shoot in both cars
Pack a nigga like a pack boy
Paint a nigga like Moz-art
Save a nigga life as a kingpin
Oh I defined his ass in the junkyard
Murda shit I know boy
I ainít really scared of no boy
Couple homeboys and lil joy
And they all wait me come home boy
Got bricks all on my finger
Bricks all in my float boat
Ainít know a nigga pay the low for it
But respect me I canít go for it
All my hoes will fly for it
All my niggas would die for it
And I can tell a killer when I see one
You could say Gucci got a eye for it
I might not by you no Mercedes
But Iímma drive your ass crazy
That sucker shit it donít phase me
They way she sucking ñ so amazing
Iím bout to drive a bitch crazy
That sucker shit just donít phase me
Iím bout to make a bitch pay me
You take good care of nigga lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gucci Meek Millie
From ATL to Philly nigga
Real recognize real
Yeah we hood rich
Trap God turn us up
I'm a money gettin nigga
At least that's just what I'm known for
You better call on my connect
And aks him what he put me on for
I heard ya'll niggas ballin
Dude why the fuck you take a loan for?
Better get the fuck out East Atlanta
You niggas know you don't belong here
All my niggas smoking scrome here
We don't talk reckless on the phone here
A lot of cliques don't get along here
Brick Squad my nigga we rock our own gear
I'm on the kriss and on the long chair
I hope that you don't read me wrong
But if I go pull out that tongue dear
I bet that you don't make it home
I'm in the choppers with my long Johns
And I've been trapping all day long
They call me back and so they on scron
Before it dry that shit be gone
I'm a money gettin nigga
At least that's just what I'm known for
You better call on my connect
And aks him what he put me on for
I heard ya'll niggas ballin
Dude why the fuck you take a loan for?
You'd better stay out by the Philly nigga
You know you pussies don't belong here
Rose go on my bottle six
Half a mill on foreign whip
I'm in it well with a foreign bitch
I'm on a bright strap and she on this dick
Just bow there you lame
You diamonds look strange
I'm grinding like Wayne when he on that skateboard I'm said
Nigga you new girl's my open
My old bitch - your new girl
Young low rich Philly nigga them hoes tell me I'm toothed up
I don't need to fuck one on one
'Cause when I come I need two girls
That down to fuck like all night
Give them bitches that hard pipe
Ridin with a hoe named Keyshia
And we smoking no Keyshia
Young nigga friends like easter
Blood dripping on my sneackers
Straight drop I stick that
I celebrate I get back
That Molly look like a Tic-Tac
And I tell that hoe that I get that like oh
I'm a money gettin nigga
At least that's just what I'm known for
You better call on my connect
And aks him what he put me on for
I heard ya'll niggas ballin
Dude why the fuck you take a loan for?
Better get the fuck out East Atlanta
You niggas know you don't belong here
I drop a bag on your head nigga
And then locate your ass like all star
I ain't had to buy shit nigga
My nigga Waka got his own car
You want my dick like you a bitch nigga
Won't you go and coach your own boys?
And I don't wanna go back to jail nigga
But you gonna make me catch one more charge
I can look and tell you fraid nigga
But you keep on tryin to look hard
Your friends keep aksing what's the spell nigga
That's your motherfucking home boys
I'm a money gettin nigga
At least that's just what I'm known for
You better call on my connect
And aks him what he put me on for
I heard ya'll niggas ballin
Dude lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Young Scooter Waka Flocka Flame)
Hold ya rollie up hold ya rollie up
If you've got a rollie then hold it up
If you ain't got a rollie bitch step it up
If you got a rollie then keep it up
Since my money fat I'm throwin stacks
Patron shots I'm throwin back
We look good I'm a spend some racks
Turn round back and a brick squad tat
Taz brought it back but it still don't pass
Push that Jag with a bag of cash
All this stash and I hope it lasts
And I've never seen the bitch suck dick so fast
I ain't even know you was rich like that
How the hell a nigga pull a bitch like that?
How the hell a nigga got a watch like that?
How a nigga face to face with some shit like that?
Better have a mil we've been like that
Tell the hoes how the goose is like that
Whole clique rock 'n' roll looks like that
Got chick like this so we flex like that
I'm serious nigga they're curipus nigga
These thugs have a bitch delirious nigga
Don't see it nigga can't hear them niggas
Don't stand there and don't feel them nigga
I'm the trill nigga since a lil nigga
Only difference got it bigger nigga
She a eye catcher let er car catcher
But it's chainless so let the watch go
Hold ya rollie up hold ya rollie up
If you've got a rollie then hold it up
If you ain't got a rollie then step it up
If you got a rollie then keep it up 
A dope boy watch is a Rolex
Every dope boy dream to have a Rolex
Everybody in the hood want a Rolex
You better keep your pistol with your Rolex
Ride smoking counting in that Rolls Royce
I brought the streets back it needed my voice
Took the nigga for a check and bought a white horse
Bought a gold rollie just to match the dope
You want a yacht master know your mathematics
Hold your rollie up and view a real traffic
I'm not a real rapper I've got a real chick
Real street nigga with a rollie
Hold ya rollie up hold ya rollie up
If you've got a rollie then hold it up
If you ain't got a rollie bitch step it up
If you got a rollie then keep it up 
There's a plan masterpiece no AP
64 Gs tryina freeze me
My diamonds kicking Jet Li
I'm balling hard no referee
Brought present watches for the homies
Crime pay fuck police
Came a long way from that Benny
Getting topped off of my Bentley!
It's a Daytona no Hubo
Got a pink slip no car note
I'm balling hard fucking up a chick
Real street nigga I ain't gotta flex
I can count a mil don't break a sweat
That iced out rollie got a pussy wet
Got your little brother throwing up the set
Got your lil sister throwing up the set
Waka Flocka Flame!
Chugga then your motherfucker screaming Rolex game
If you own a rollie getting money do your thang
You a broke nigga kill yourself ñ Kurt Cobain
Squad!
Hold ya rollie up lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Shouts to the big homie Coach K
Shouts to the whole 10-17 Brick Squad
Hood with ya nigga
Money foe dope so bitch you already know
White birds black birds serving pigeons and crows
I'm with the dope so good I've been jumped out the foe
Mother fuck the ATL and the border patrol
Me and my amigos at the table shots of dom Julio
I fucked your bitch a week ago but I ain't gonna fuck her no more
I got them stacks on her but the mattress so I sleep with the dough
I got them P stuffed in the wall so yeah I live with the cold
It's Brick Squad and I know you niggas mad 'cause you broke
He seen my video on the TV and he broke the remote
I'm like Pablo on his prime shoulder deep with the snow
I'm with your paper word nigga many ya'll niggas some hoes
I've been on some fuck the world shit lately
And I grind to get where I'm at
These niggas don't wanna see you with these stacks
I'm a fly nigga to be exact
And I've been on some fuck the world shit lately
'Cause I grind to get where I'm at
These niggas don't wanna see you with these stacks
I fuck fly bitches to be exact
And I've been on some fuck the world shit
I got all eyes only like Pac here
But I ain't tryin to go broke like Ja did
I ain't tryin to fuck my dealer like Block did
I'm tryin to stack them free benz like Rock did
Tell the truth I never thought that I'd get this big
I think I'm bout to buy some choppers like 2Kid
I came in flexin jewelry like Glip did
Got every penny out the six I swear I milk it
That bridge core shit I built it
I put Flocka in the game and it killed it
I did a song with Lil Wayne and I killed it
My only wish my nigga Dunc was here to whip shit
I've been on some fuck the world shit lately
And I grind to get where I'm at
These niggas don't wanna see you with these stacks
I'm a fly nigga to be exact
And I've been on some fuck the world shit lately
'Cause I grind to get where I'm at
These niggas don't wanna see you with these stacks
I fuck fly bitches to be exact
And I've been on some fuck the world shit
My uncle Remy died from smoking cane
My cousin suicide he blowed out the brain
They gave my nigga 30 years he in the chain gang
I just had to drop a 40 racks up on my ring
Homie Giuseppe's walking in the ring
I can't even help it I've been through some things
I put my heart in every verse and when I'm on that plane
I'm thanking God for all my watches and all my chains
I'm in Chanelle and I'm in Feragamas
These bitches know I'll work your karmas
They know I got that lama
And Molly's sister just got out that coma
That sick has set her in her bones lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
See this swagger that real boss music you know
I mean you know you had a...
You gotta turn up this shit a lil louder you feel me?
Gucci Mane
Scream!
I ain't never want a Grammy I have never been a nominee
Bees in my Hummer V 30 grand for one of these
I don't like these pussy ass niggas just like Chief Keef
Bon apetit when I eat nigga feast feast
Bishop think capish pish
Keep her on a short leash
Half people deceased
Cause they know they dig me
Toes out top off grinding my freak G
You came to the game but you way in the cheap seat
I swear they don't want me to succeed
But I'm not letting them leave until I stop em from breathing
And I ain't fucking 'round
Don't let 'em get you down
Man it will make a nigga really wanna act up
Cause I'm a do what I'm a do on my new got electric
What about you? But I ain't fucking 'round
Don't let 'em get you down
I got killers on my payroll moving when I say so
These hoes don't really love me they just love I got a bank roll
Pluggy just keep sending blow
He ain't never said no
He mixing on the hat they broke
And I can't understand fool
I'm talkin to you pussy ass nigga ñ you'd better listen
Stepped is that so hard? With that pistol he paid attention
Jump up with them cane start hittin' cause they were snitchin
Tell the avalanche hey no need to rush cause shorty twistin'
I swear they don't want me to succeed
But I'm not letting them leave until I stop em from breathing
And I ain't fucking 'round
Don't let 'em get you down
Man it will make a nigga really wanna act up
Cause I'm a do what I'm a do lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yea
If Trap Music ain't motherfuckin hip-hop
I can't tell my nigga
Cause y'all doin' what we does
It's Gucci Shawty Red nigga
Let's go
A bitch I can't catch is something I've never seen 
A bitch I can't catch I will never see 
She come around me she won't wanna leave 
Her game so good have her onto me
You niggas spilled the drops but drops I never see
My flow so clean make your nose bleed
The feel so strong make you breach a tear
The smoke so strong higher down the tree
Sad sad story take a look at my journey
And the rap was full of niggas tryina give em some money
We nigs fix pain bills pills and diamonds
RIP my uncle Sunny and my homeboy Lenny
I trick so many people should go church on Sunday
But I would be a hypocrite because the work on Monday
I grew up so fucked up that's I'm all so cuddy
And I can honestly tell you niggas that I'm so dishonest
Let's give a shout out to the ducks in the world are plenty
You think Gucci give a fuck you got one thing coming
If you's a buster me and you have nothing in common
Trap house stash house all our world bout money
It's Gucci
A bitch I can't catch is something I've never seen 
A bitch I can't catch I will never see 
She come around me she won't wanna leave 
Her game so good have her onto me
You niggas spilled the drops but drops I never see
My flow so clean make your nose bleed
The feel so strong make you breach a tear
The smoke so strong higher down the tree
Futuristic wrist watch if you rollie tic toc
Then it's not a rollie hoe you roll it to the toop top
Six shot big shot top down but tits out
Rolls Royce drop top call Alfred Hitchcock
Miss Biggie I miss Pac
She walked out she bitched out
She suck the dick non-stop
I think I hit the jackpot
She act out she ashed out
We ranned out you're handout
Rappers say they stand out
But yet they got they hand out
You trap niggas gonna hip-hop
Then Gucci Mane ain't hip-hop
Humble county grow houses then we have a great crop
Hard in the paint trap but nigga I can play out
They showed to me 300 bucks I served his ass a shaved ounce
A bitch I can't catch is something I've never seen 
A bitch I can't catch I will never see 
She come around me she won't wanna leave 
Her game so good have her onto me
You niggas spilled the drops but drops I never see
My flow so clean make your nose bleed
The feel so strong make you breach a tear
The smoke so strong lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Whole lot of chains don't let them get loose
Sipping rich man juice that's a 4 wanna deuce
All my cars they ain't got no roof
And I'm pleading that guilty they ain't got no proof
Look in my closet I ain't got no suits
2 thousand dollar shirts 4 thousand dollars boots
Broke ass nigga ain't got no clue
I'm so rich I can buy your troops
Gucci going broke you're a God damn fool
Piss so bad I'm a put it through school
These rob niggas don't move like me
When I move all the young niggas gonna move
You can run up but what you gonna prove
Gucci Mane put you on the God damn news
Whole lot of ice and a bunch of tattoos
When you choose me baby you know you can't loose
Baby got that back pack and that's that
Pocket got the fast stacks and that's that
Pull up in a what's that and that's that
Pull up in a what's that and that's that
If it's my show then the club packed and that's that
And you might not get your bitch back and that's that
Yeah I'm smoking on that loud pack and that's that
That droooow...
Got a bitch so bad looking good with no pants
Running down on the booth cause the bitch so bad
Proceed on the jag got her boyfriend mad lined outside
Bitch with the Georgia tats
Smelling so bad she in all your hair
Bossed up bitch she pluck your ass
Red bottom heels and the matching package
She riding around the city just dropping swag
Real fat ass take out of that I gotta ask I gotta ask
Hunned yard dash for the cash I do
Have a car so fast I lose your ass
Hoe so bad that she got you blinded
Kill you a cat you should buy her diamonds
All my life girl where you been?
Bitch so fine we move her in
Hold up stop that devil trippin
Last thing I need to do is move that bishop
Yeah we good and we're smooth
What can I say baby I'm a tycoon
Gucci mane I ain't for the job no boom
But tell your girlfriend she can jump in too
Whole lot of ice and a bunch of tattoos
When you choose me baby you know you can't loose
Baby got that back pack and that's that
Pocket got the fast stacks and that's that
Pull up in a what's that and that's that
Pull up in a what's that and that's that
If it's my show then the club packed and that's that
And you might not get your bitch back and that's that
Yeah I'm smoking on that loud pack lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I use to trap on the corner but that was decades ago
I was high as a cloud and that was seconds ago
I had the game in the lock a couple records ago
And I ain't never trust nobody I would check in the door
And if you spend a living molding your necklace will glow
He see me textin the phone and I ain't choking the hoe
But he keep talkin bout a gangsta he put fault in the hoe
I gave my dentist a 50 just for my trophies to show
I look like Pablo Escobar the way I'm holding the drow
I feel like Bunklin George I got so many bills from the plug
I got a suite apartment in the part mit under the rug
And every drank in my frigerator filled up with mud
I don't know bout nobody else but I don't servin
And as long as these bads come in I'm gonna circle
Niggas say they ain't getting money but I don't work it
I'm runnin with so much dough that I'm nervous
If the police tryina pull up on me I'm gonna swerve em
You ain't never seen so many guns on one person
Dump truck 2 trucks came on one person
You need to switch up the shit you doin just ain't working
They got me feeling like me no couple mill in the safe
But when snitched at the end it was a slap in the face
I need a bitch like Keyshia shout your mill of the day
And Puggy smoke what the fuck G minor put some trust in the J
13 thousand dollars' worth of narcotics wrapped in some tape
I spent 130 thousand dollars just on my drapes
I got a coke model supermodel feedin me grapes
And you can keep the money nigga cause your payment too late
And you ain't coming with me nigga you tryina run in the way
You're just a spy telling lies tryina look at our play
You call me country to my face I hit your ass with this K
Tomahawk chop your head off home of the brave
I don't know bout nobody else but I don't servin
And as long as these bads come in I'm gonna circle
Niggas say they ain't getting money but I don't work it
I'm runnin with so much dough that I'm nervous
If the police tryina pull up on me I'm gonna swerve em
You ain't never seen so many guns on one person
Dump truck 2 trucks came on one person
You need to switch up the shit you doin lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Young Scooter Yung Fresh)
It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
It's a whole bunch a whole bunch of shooters in this house
It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
If you wanna go to war fuck it nigga let's shoot it out
Walk up from my spot see I don't have a seat
I just been in 5 shoot outs last week
He bought the run division plus he moving in the kitchen
Nobody make a move nigga when Scooter handling bizness
Reaching in his pocket Gucci slap him with the pistol
Get your bitch ass down nigga motherfucking move nigga
Hood rich!
Break up to your sister I'm a sunder in the runner
I don't give a damn about it but I make niggas with the tunner
I got money in the jungle tryina buy my kids Christmas
Me and Scooter ain't twins but we got twin choppers
I Waka Flocka Flame a nigga hit em with the yapa
I'm a street nigga never be a partner to a copper
What the fuck going on nigga?
Who the fuck let these police ass nigga in?
I don't know
Fuck at the spot nigga
Snitching ass niggas got caught with a brick
Same day call my phone 4: 36
I can see with one eye open like Slick Rick
Fuck the police that's why I rep about them bricks
I ain't did it nigga but these bricks get remix
When the choppa start spitting nigga gonn get split
Nigga rob me in the car while it was 1996
Ever since the day them niggas trying me since
God damn bruh
Tell my nigga Rob here in '96
No you get out boy
You did
You still gotta pay...
Nigga owed me a brick that was 3 years ago
Seen him in the club niggas shot him in the throat
Black amigo Scooter still rob me gold
And I still got a lot of shooters on the pay roll
Hold up Scooter
I got shooters
You got a shooters?
Aye man what?
Get it down by that fresh man you're sitting by the counter?
I need 'em bruh
Yea let 'em in
Aye open the door nigga
I need 50 of them pretty mills this nigga at the store
He waiting right now Gucci is it a go?
I hope it is cause if it is my shooters they on go
Shooter on the Scooter brain them both
He runnin right right now she just came from way up the road
10 millimeter with 30 shots make your fuckin head explode
I got a traphouse mansion with some hard wood floors
Can't come in I got burglar bar doors
Trap going crazy but I got it under control
I just bust them open fix em up and move them out the door
Who this nigga in this Buick man get Scooter on the phone
I'm like a NBA coach cause I keep shooters at my home
All I know I never seen his face in my life
Street smart so I know this nigga ain't right
Pull up at my spot country car hit your lights
Before you hit the door you get robbed on sight
It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
It's a whole bunch a whole bunch of shooters in this house
It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
If you wanna go to war fuck it nigga let's shoot it out
It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
It's a whole bunch a whole bunch of shooters in this house
It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
If you wanna go to war fuck it lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Young Scooter Trae The Truth)
Call me Gucci Mane when I'm on the stage with you
They call me Jessie James when I hold this damn pistol
You can call me Gucci Goo out when I do the song with you
But don't walk up on me hoes after the blow don't scroll with ya
Call me Gucci Mane when I'm on the stage with you
They call me Jessie James when I hold this damn pistol
You can call me Gucci Goo out when I do the song with you
But don't walk up on me hoes after the blow don't scroll with ya
Got them young shooters with me they don't get along with you
If you ain't get no money nigga what it is wrong with you?
And I can't tell your own niggas have the wrong picture
I take the real sippin lean with this very long swisha
I'll drink my milkers and the codeine even this apple juice mixture
If you knew that you would do that I swear you would not kiss
You's a naked boy that's nigga tryin to tell em got fish
If a snitch was without the day I bet this hood would not miss
You's a dead man playing games with that bread
You's a dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man you're playing games with my bread
You hear the red man fuck around and be a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man dead man
Five news 4 tray 6 A
8 watches 4 chains 6 rings
Pot Forbes don't add a high coast
From coast to coast I said numbers on the dope
Remix it yo you know I can sell you both 16 fine
Prices loaded shawty load when I drive
Got my seat leanin low bricks inside
Got em stashed in the door always road running
Me and Gucci getting money fast keep it coming
Track the trailer in the morning won't stop jigging
Every month I make 4 hundred I'm a street nigga
I got rich up for Jacky
You's a dead man playing games with that bread
You's a dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man you're playing games with my bread
You hear the red man fuck around and be a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man dead man
What the fuck is you thinking?
Dumb bitch you must have been drinking
This top had got me feeling like holy
If I let you ride you bound to be stinking
I'm an asshole I do what I like to
Oh shit this made for you to fight too
I don't give a fuck bitch I don't like you
Got that fire bitch I might light you
Bitch I am the streets you just look tough
Call my bricks is low like I was on bluff
Call me the master like soon up
Bad boy for real no puff
If a nigga pussy I don't pimp mine
Just keep the distance don't play with mine
Stay in your place fall out of line
Had them young niggas on me you're here to be fine
You can find me in the hood where a hood don't go
Bitch just somebody that the hood don't know
If a nigga turned up tell him watch these shows
Money never since then so I meant don't blow
King of streets just call me sire
On my throne ain't no one higher
TR UT ace no liar
Real street nigga I won't retire.
You's a dead man playing games with that bread
You's a dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man you're playing games with my bread
You hear the red man fuck around and be a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
You know? Back in '03-'04 we were shittin on niggas
Fast forward to 2012
And we still shittin on niggas
Shittin on all you hoes tonight my bitch she need some baby wipes
Shittin on all you hoes tonight my bitch she need some baby wipes
Some baby wipes
Shittin on all you producers man said he need some baby wipes
It's Gucci
I need some baby wipes
Damn
Versace bags and classy shoes and belts that's what my lady like
Shittin on all these hoes out front extra hop that Mercedes right
My bitch ball hard but you broke hoes ain't got nowhere to stay tonight
I'm windin the Lambo on ultra-sick oh bitch that's 85
I'm cooking dope I'm selling kush I feel like it's the 80's life
I told that yellow baldy chick to get here right to say it twice
I got them stupid benz I told the dealer man don't say no price
She married a freak they throwin rice I pay that man to throw the fight
Versace bags and classy belts and shoes that's what my lady like
Shittin on all you hoes tonight I think she need some baby wipes
Stupid money shorty ball so hard I just might pay tonight
We breaking baby bottles in the club but we ain't' babies right
My girlfriend ball so hard swear to God she need some baby wipes
They coming here to play no games with ya'll I came to ball tonight
Them brick squad niggas done for flexin hard I got on all my ice
I tip bad bitches in my section ya'll they need some baby wipes
You the lean type tryina find em
I'm in the phantom ghost you and your baby momma hind it
Put them hands on the nigga behind a full time grinder need a bad bitch
But it ass like a grip overseas flights yea pay for trips
Out in Vegas and I just roll trips that's double every time I flip
Red bottles with the burkin bag
Fake titties with the fake old ass
Watch a squad nigga ball throw cash
4-50 ain't Gucci just passed
Real niggas with this bad bitches like
Ace of Spade got me leanin to the right
Me and Gucci throw money all night
Met her in the club fucked her in the same night
She be ballin don't do BBG Versace show her ass
In the club she got her own section body just to break
She'll be throwin on her cats got that D girl swag
MCM upon her bag fire nigga no jetlag
Versace bags and classy belts and shoes that's what my lady like
Shittin on all you hoes tonight I think she need some baby wipes
Stupid money shorty ball so hard I just might pay tonight
We breaking baby bottles in the club but we ain't' babies right
My girlfriend ball so hard lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Bricksquad bachelors cookers we get extras
Say that that's your bitch but nigga we did ask ya
Spent 10 Million dollars of VVS's
Woke up in Texas he text me I start flexing
Diamonds chains sexy my pistol is my best friend
I haven't killed in so many years I get rusty
Hustling my 40 keep buldging in on the justice
These scary niggas calling the cops but I ain't touched them
Finessed em tricked them leopards that's on Simpson
Impress them a victim another lead hit successful
My weapon F it Join em you wanna help em
And since you said you looking for Gucci I'm on Gresham
Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust him he'll take some he'll take some we'll take some
Don't trust us I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Worth for couple mill still I take some
24 hours got the base running
Sale swag bags I got freights coming
Sale you swag pack take it back from you
Them diamonds round your wrist cause you a lot of problems
You scared you tuck ya ice cause you don't want no problems
These young niggas out here hungry they say it's no more starving
Finessing jewelry season everybody robbing
Don't trust me cause I'm from the streets
Going drug shoppin cop a couple of keys
I finesse the plug when we don't agree
Dummy bank rolls send em over seas
Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust him he'll take some he'll take some we'll take some
Don't trust us I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Ya'll niggas know how I move y'all niggas know what it do
Versace frames on my face I'm a 4 eyeded fool
If I should blue with your boo pay mine to do on my coupe
A quarter brick for the booze at least a 4 and a deuce
You know I shoot through my jacket you call the troops for your truce
Full metal jacket a savage I put 3 mill on your crew
The world grenade in the room watch all your partners kaboom
I'm a so icy tycoon got 2 balloons in my True's
Is you gon hoe up or blow up? Is you gonn grow up or throw up
Cause I got dojos to roll up and I might pour us a 4
I can't drive a Corolla roll around in a roller
That's a drop in Rolls Royce y'all niggas act like you know us
Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust him he'll take some he'll take some we'll take some
Don't trust us I'll take some I'll take some lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I sold so many jays been locked on so many times
I had to grind to shine I fire up bout mine
I did a homicide I'm ready to die bout mine
Committed genocide I testified bout mine
I live a life of crime I served me some time
Bitch I got 6 for 5 cool with 2 pass at a time
You better recognize I put my neck on the line
You told me several times you better respect my mind
And all we mixing pies I got a take out of 9
And all we fixing pies I'm serving 3 at a time
I hit the lick to shine I left my boy in the blind
That's how it is sometimes I keep my hand on the 9
It's Gucci
You gotta move your feet know how the game go
I'm stepping on toes I'm stepping on toes
Man I'm stepping on toes
I'm shittin on on all the fools I got that 4-4
I'm in that super sport
Hood Fredo oh
A sucka bout all this jewelry
A sucka bout all that's Louie
The suckaz got the ride new Bentley
Finessing got my wrist so bluey
I'm a bachelor I'm available got bills and them mailable
I'm alleable condo with a great view of the sailor boats
Coke clean as a baby as nigga Thomas to get it here
Shout out to my cartel bitch fix me a cocktail
My block do cartwheels got keys like a locksmith
I met a bitch so bad I gave her keys to a mach 6
Versace my glasses I skip out of my classes
My top in the trash I left my top with my last bitch
Moved on to another home trade a rent for a yellow bone
For diamond chest they throw my neck it look like a hamming bone
It's Gucci and Shawty thank the lord that we beat the case
Them haters can holler cause I think I need a hearing aid
You gotta move your feet know how the game go
I'm stepping on toes I'm stepping on toes
Man I'm stepping on toes
I'm shittin on on all the fools lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Aye Scream time to turn up my nigga
I'm on my hood rich shit right now
I'm on my Brick Squad shit right now man
I'm on my trap God shit man trap God man
It time to turn up it time to go crazy out here man
You know what I'm talkin bout?
Slow down Gucci steel bomb Gucci
Remember when I used to drive an old ass hooptie 
Gas packed shawty dirty cup shawty
And why they call it Mountain Park
It ain't no God damn mountain
I would run to sun valley with a damn thing sign
And I can't lie I try to serve every God damn junkie
Smoking gas and drinking mud but you can keep your Budweiser
She's a blunt begging bitch so I don't wanna stand by em
If you pull ounces up then I don't wanna drink with ya
If you ain't get money I don't wanna link with ya
I bring the pot to the water I could kitchen sink with ya
I had to kick you out the squad you was the weakest link nigga
Gas gas you know I got the cash
93 octane 4 thousand for a bag
Gas gas send it really fast
The pack just came in you know this shit the gas
Mud mud gotta keep it mud
800 a pint nigga I can't show you love
Mud mud you know I'm drinking mud
I might pour the whole pint 'cause I don't give a fuck
All this mud drinkin Bud stinkin walkin round the club nigga
I'm a drug dealer real killer mean mugging fuck nigga
I hope you looking for me nigga I'm the one that shot your truck nigga
And if you really wanna go to war then I don't give a fuck nigga
Got em Bentley with the paper tag book bag full of gas
Pockets can't hold on all the cash I can loan your man some swag
And I pull that pistol fast PRPs hang off my ass
You said your money buy the jet but bitch I could go buy your jet
Remember 1996 since the year that I will rob my connect
I wasn't even 20 yet I-20 with 20 bricks
I nun did all kind of shit ya'll nigga just full of shit
I just drunk two pints today Tryna drink the pain away
Gas gas you know I got the cash
93 octane 4 thousand for a bag
Gas gas send it really fast
The pack just came in you know this shit the gas
Mud mud gotta keep it mud
800 a pint nigga I can't show you love
Mud mud you know I'm drinking mud
I might pour the whole pint 'cause I don't give a fuck
Dumb drankin it dirty woke up really late
I used to drank up early I like the way it taste
Drinkin all these activist I love to drank the grace
They catch you with this pints my nigga you might catch a case
Flossin tossen up proceed with caution
I'm the boss and I ain't takin no loses
Smoking gas and I'm sippin on poison
Pulled the arm and I'm a hit my target
Caught a body but I beat my charges
Two Ferrari I got twin horses
New charger and I sat it on forges
G 5 touchdown on Morland
Poppin pills like I hear voices
Me and scooter just brought twin Porsches
Louie Vuittons but I wear em like forces
Burberry my box is shortless
Louie V this where my shorts is
Sun valley that's where my heart is
26s so I'm sittin real high ride in the sky same place my lord is
Gas gas you know I got the cash
93 octane 4 thousand for a bag
Gas gas send it really fast
The pack just came in you know this shit the gas
Mud mud gotta keep it mud
800 a pint nigga I can't show you love
Mud mud you know I'm drinking mud lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
(feat. Kirko Bangz Waka Flocka Flame Young Scooter)
No relationship
No exchange of phone numbers
No Valentine's Day no Christmas no dates
Just straight up fuckin you feel me?
I just had a threesome could've been a threesome
But now that she want so I gave er yes 5 hunder
Skitted on er bum bum fucked er with a condom
East Atlanta known for draggin bitches where I come from
Babies say I'm handsome 2 hoe that's a tantum
Booze your bitch she only suck dick when she in a mansion
Yea my diamonds dancing my dick taste just like candy
I'm cooking dope and Burberry because I'm kinda fancy
I'm scrape with a as she wanna fuckin she can hell it
I don't take no chances like to get some understanding
She talkin shit she got my dick standing heard that a 10
She's a boring freaky girl sucking dick in Gucci's Bentley
I just wanna know something she just wanna smoke something
I just wanna pull something I just had a foursome
You can go to dinner with him I just wanna fuck something
You get me his girlfriend baby I just wanna cut something
Gucci wanna fuck something Flocka wanna cut something
This lady is my partner Kirko and he wanna fuck something
Do you wanna fuck something? Cause I wanna fuck something
Don't need to introduce yourself just follow these instructions
Ride through the hood hoes scream my name
When it comes to hoes I'm the fucking mane
Nigga represent that east side
LMG that's gang gang
Turned up nigga like a fluckin slower
Like the bowling bitch her brother powder
She fall in love with my Oscar Mayer
Pockets full of that colored flower
My nigga Waka got a bitch I'm proud of
We all hittin that's a piÒata
I never done but I'm the done dotta
Master Pete make em say uh
Bitch eatin up my cum
Probably fuck around with her mom
I'm the answer she give me some
I deed it up lactation
I left the green baby learn
I fucked em all I ain't naming none
She fucked my team for front row seats
You tryina fuck so you pussy eat
I don't smoke a lot but if I smoke a sweet
You pussy niggas can't smoke on me
Ace and bitch her pussy tight
And all I speak is get on knees
I just wanna know something she just wanna smoke something
I just wanna pull something I just had a foursome
You can go to dinner with him I just wanna fuck something
You get me his girlfriend baby I just wanna cut something
Gucci wanna fuck something Flocka wanna cut something
This lady is my partner Kirko and he wanna fuck something
Do you wanna fuck something? Cause I wanna fuck something
Don't need to introduce yourself just follow these instructions
She just wanna smoke one
She just wanna drink a pint
Waka can't stand straight girls
All he wanna fuck his dyke
She ride me like a mountain bike
Can I fuck your friend tonight?
Jack that pussy like a mic
I just wanna fuck something
Baby why don't you suck something?
Fucked her in her boyfriend car
Nutted on the backseat
Back shots that's true
I just wanna fuck
Don't wanna know your name
4 hoes at one time on more mollies than Lousane
Free bandz make er dance
Got a pistol in my pants
One night stand bitch I can't hold your hand
Bitch actin like a groupie
You know I can trust no fan
In less than 60 seconds I done talked her out a pan
I just wanna know something she just wanna smoke something
I just wanna pull something I just had a foursome
You can go to dinner with him I just wanna fuck something
You get me his girlfriend baby I just wanna cut something
Gucci wanna fuck something Flocka wanna cut something
This lady is my partner Kirko and he wanna fuck something
Do you wanna fuck something? Cause I wanna fuck something
Don't need to introduce yourself lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I fuck with that
I fuck with that
I fuck with that
I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
You know I fuck with her you know she fuck with me
You know she stunt with me
It's the Gucci Mane she gotta be
A dime peace look in my time peace
A big bag of kush and she will rhyme B
I'm on that slick talking shit like the eyes lease
You got to spit four hundred thousand to run behind me
You got the paper ticket just to sit beside me
I'm on the grind I ain't even gotta go outside for you see me shine
Real niggas wanna give me five cutie pie wanna come and say hi
Playin haters wanna see me die
But they can't stop me nigga I'm alive
45 shoot 14 times
In case you done take lies
And you make girl go by line
And I swear I ain't never seen the bitch so fine
She got her own cash I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
She got a full swag I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
Turned her to the max I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
She only fuck with street niggas I fuck with that
I fuck with that you know I fuck with that
The bitch I'm with she so fly she need a fucking flight attendant
If I said that shit I need that shit
Ten million dollars cash I done spend that shit
If you love that chick don't send that bitch
Don't land that bitch I hit that bitch
Break that bitch I've been that bitch
Don't follow my rules I'm in this shit
Sipping on Bombay what would your mom say?
Let's not pretend 'cause I'm not your fiancÈ
Never on Sunday fucking on Monday
Girl you ain't heard I've been low with that money
Keep it a hundred keeping you running
Tell your ass why were you really disturbing
Cuffin no woman keeping it from coming
Keep it I'm coming. I'm brutally honest
All in the add all in the lab
Pulling the trigger she's scratching my back
Leaning in forward she scratching my back
Back with commitment but greater the sack
Gave her a stack baby relax
Way that she second is paying me back
Niggas on hustle I'm fuckin with that
Roses are red Ferari's are black
She got her own cash I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
She got a full swag I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
Turned her to the max I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
She only fuck with street niggas I fuck with that
I fuck with that you know I fuck with that
It's Gucci
What's happening?
Scoo up
I I fuck with that
She fuck with me I fuck with her
Wow
And that's how it's going
You know what I'm sayin?
We like Siamese twins
You know what I mean?
You gotta keep that money with me
Shout at somebody girl
Everywhere I go lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray to Lord fake niggas he keep
But if I shut down before I wake
I pray to Lord real niggas he take
I told my top to get lost
Cuz I donít really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Iím in that new Rolls Royce
If you donít like it get lost
Me and my top beefin
So I donít really wanna see him
They picture man the flare nigga
And all the kids wanna be him
I told that girl to get lost
Cuz I donít even like to argue
All this money that Iím makin
They think Iím playing for the Chargers
My jury game is retarded
My car game is exotic
The inside my Maserati
Cuz look like he in the hypnotic
Iím runnin from the paparazzi
But Iím in the Lamborghini
They call me Gucci Debiassi
I think Iím fucking Liberace
I told my top to get lost
Cuz I donít really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Iím in that new Rolls Royce
If you donít like it get lost
Smoking kush with my boys
Iím a walking weed joyce
They say I fuck on my alarms
I say it back itís my choice
Selling dope with my squad
Old schoolís in my yard
I got a Chevy so clean
And my goodness so hot
They say itís getting real hot
So I took off of my top
I got the number one spot
Iím coming down my block
I told my top to get lost
Cuz I donít really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Iím in that new Rolls Royce
If you donít like it get lost
Dragging from the old school in my new school
Top missing nigga with my new tool
Same ways with my new juice
Getting money on these young fools
You pay for perfect when youíre big time
You pay for perfect when your sun shine
Harley Davidson lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
80 chains going and ain't took one yet
Ain't nothing retarded 'bout Gucci but this gold Rolex
A ten thousand dollar bounty put on my neck
I hope you didn't pay them cause they didn't have no success
You seen my interview nigga and you got upset
I seen your interview too you looked oh so stressed
I think the nigga just mad cause I fucked his ex
And I'm a big dog he got the lil' boy complex
Go dig your partner up nigga bet he can't say shit
And if you looking for the kid I'll be in Zone 6
I hit a birthday party fresh you and ya homeboy Tip
I know y'all seen me over there with that black fo' fifth
I bought a Bentley Mulsanne it look just like Tip's
But I never went platinum do you catch my drift
I never let a nigga do me like Tip did Flip
This the same shit that got Big and 2Pac killed
For the record this is not a diss record
Just the truth
It's Gucci the living legend
Oh yea I'm a legend
Living legend nigga
Respect that
I ain't playing with ya I ain't trying to dance with ya
I ain't using hands let them rubberbands get ya
It take money to go to war and we can go to war nigga
I ain't no real rapper I'm a fucking grave digger
I'm a old school fool don't make me show my age nigga
Grab a Louisville and turn it to a batting cage nigga
I did a song with Keyshia Cole and I know you still miss her
But Puff was fucking her while you was falling in love with her
Call you to do a song wouldn't even smoke no bud with ya
I was screaming so icy and was a neighborhood nigga
This AR is my back up cause I don't need nan nigga
Must didn't hear when Flocka said 
Used to drive to Birmingham with a lot of grams nigga
I'm just who I am nigga but I ain't sparing nan nigga
I know it's hard for you to sleep knowing you killed your homeboy
You left his son to be a bastard lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Yeah we 'hood rich bitch...
Chyeah I know what y'all motherfuckers thinkin'
Trap God 2...
Already...
But shit let me tell y'all niggas somethin'
If we don't put this real street music on the streets
Y'all niggas damn sure ain't gon' do it
So get on your two feet
And pledge allegiance to the motherfuckin' Trap God
Guwap lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Fish scale all over my motherfucking apartment
Damn I got dope all on garment
Cooking dope and trust tree move the trap to Sun Valley
Now I'm in Gresham housing money piling money piling
I'm so fresh don't need a stylist
Buy a rental car and tint the windows
Buy a car stop the mileage
Stuffing bricks all in a fender
Stuffing peas in the spare tire
Gucci ain't real you a damn liar
Save yo nigga a lot of fire
I'm a show you sucka niggas Wi Fi
Serve more chicken than Popeye's
Strong purp Popeye
One day I might die but not soon because I'm strapped fool
I got old schools I got new schools I got one rule - don't cross me
Red bottoms on my feet courtside next to Spike Lee
Baby I'm Spike Lee
All the purple all the white
All this grain taking a flight
Up all night nigga getting shot
Man getting popped Big Guwap
Drop my top suicide doors
Pouring up fours just bought me a Rolls
Money over hoes recycling your clothes
You niggas going broke I'm sure of my goals
Wop!
Little Mexico we cook up dope
If a nigga broke we sell him soap
I can see it in your eyes that you niggas going broke
'Cause you don't got no pres no mo'
Yo bitches gone yo money getting low
He used to buy bricks now he buyin' a fo'
Money over bitches can't wife no ho
Money over everything can't go broke
We blowing gas smoking on flights
Place your order I'll be there over night
I'm talking private planes
Hundred bricks of white
Still a young nigga lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I talk so much shit I wake a dead man up
And I'm the milk man you better call rent man up
I'm by myself man and yes I ran my bread back up
You'll have better luck tryna' rob a Brick Bank truck
Eight ounces and a Crush soda
Last month I damn near smoked a Range Rover
I buy a pint crack the seal and put a straw in it
I'm drinking raw out the jar caviar sipping
I might need a new prescription
These young hoes fucking senior citizens
Dad your little sister granddaddy mistress sad
Secretary sucking politicians you mad
You know that Mr. cheating on his Mrs.
Remember when I could just take a bitch to Wendy's
But now these hoes say they wanna go to Sicily
But bitch you must be silly wanna go to Piccadilly
Cause I really feel you fake as hell like Milli Vanilli
These hoes must of these niggas go broke for these hoes
Big bad bully but he beat for these hoes
Married thirty years but he sleep with these hoes
Spending all this money going out to eat
M.O.B. man money over bitches
These niggas say they real but they just a bunch of bitches
Fuck the bedroom point me to the kitchen
Baby girl where you was when I was water wippin'
When I was water wippin' when I was water wippin'
Baby girl where you was when I was water wippin'
When I was water wippin' when I was water wippin'
Fuck the bedroom point me to the kitchen
Fuck the bedroom point me to the kitchen
So many chickens in my kitchen got my palms itching
You sucking a rich nigga dick you in a good position
You say your baby daddy broke? Bitch you really tripping
What's wrong with you what kind of life you living?
You wanna ball hit the mall or just eat Church's Chicken
Gucci be really pimping I need just thirty minutes
And if you cool baby we could fuck every Wednesday
But you must pay attention baby you got to listen
The first rule that you cannot have hoes in my business
You know I ball relentless pull up in Benz and Bentley's
And I don't wanna meet your daddy I ain't fucking friendly
I had three-hundred-fifty-thousand I was only twenty
Your baby daddy broke I bury his ass in fucking twenties
Yeah I'm a fat nigga lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
They ain't got nothin' on ya...
They ain't got nothin' on ya 
I swear them hoes they ain't got nothin' on ya
That nigga broke he ain't got nothin' for ya
I swear these hoes they ain't got nothin' on ya
I fuck with you cause you're very loyal
And you're so fine you make my blood boil
I have to go and get another lawyer
She took the charge they ain't got nothin' on her
I swear to God they ain't got nothin' on her
We in the airport she got somethin' on her
We ball out in the mall in California
We might just pull up in twin Californians
They ain't got nothin' on ya
They ain't got nothin' on ya
They ain't got nothin' on ya
Hoes ain't got nothin' on ya
I think that shit just paranoia
She think I'm with another woman
Another woman that gon' keep me comin'
Dirty hoes they ain't got nothin' on ya
It's nothin' - claimin' y'all but they bluffin'
Come home and I hit it hard and she give me head that's concussion
I'm stuntin' - OG kush what I'm puffin'
In the club you know me I'll spend it all
And my homies gon' get to bustin'
Got a quarter million to spend
Just came home from tour and I crushed it
Just bought my wife a pair of glass shoes
'Cause her ass thick as a pumpkin
They ain't got nothin' on her
She don't want no other niggas she fuckin' with a stoner
And if I'm up in this bitch then I'm probably with the owner
Hella bottles hella marijuana anything you want my niggas got it
We got liquor we got mollies
We got bitches tryin' to ride takin' pictures
We just standing on the couches they could try but...
I fuck with shorty 'cause she very loyal
We can tie the night like Memph and Toya
I won't ignore you and I won't divorce you
Let's have two girls to his column - Rose and Portia
I respect that girl I accept that girl
I'll do everything I can to protect that girl
If I could do it all again would've kept that girl
But I'm unhealthy for you baby I fuck up your world
You your daddy's little girl but you's a grown lady
And I don't see it like he see it 'cause we not related
We got faded at my spot I swear we so wasted
After the twelfth shot of Patron lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I think I had one too many blunts today
Too many bills now I'm jump today
I drank a pint of lean so I wasted mane
I got the gangsta air nigga you can taste it mine
I'm swerving I'm swerving
All of my niggas be serving
Pull up to the curb curb serving
Wutchu want?
Wutchu want nigga? We workin
I'm servin I'm servin
Come through with my Bentley I'm swerving
Hoes say I look better in person
Maybach I'm a close the fuckin curtains
What's happenin hah
It's Guwop the legend
Ha!
Shout out to zone 6
It's Big Gucci ah
Dollars hittin so hard
You see me
I know you hear me
That strong in
I know you smell me
Ya'll niggas are fuck niggas
I know you tellin
And I don't need ya cause I'm a felon
Touchdown in ya city where the pass at?
 you make a nigga laugh black
Need a pass for yo nigga you'll get blast at
You just a midgrade nigga like my last pack
I'm just a money making nigga you can call ask out
You waitin on me to fall you to wait on yo income tax check
I got so much money I left em all with every damn fifty
And for the Panthers raise your arm up then you make a ball fist
They move my nigga so far away cause they said he was high risk
His folks can't even come down to see him barely can pay they damn rent
And now he frustrated incarcerated got us all tested
And they before tried to give me 40 I'm a jump the damn face
I'm chargin 39 hundred 'fore I got them bags in
8-50 you know I got that swag in
I got that Mexican weed them bricks you know that trash shit
And all you gotta do is drive this shit to Athens
Brick Squad in this bitch we known for takin
I got a couple more of them squares they goin to Macon
I'm a stop by Savannah then Augusta
And I'm a multimillionaire but I'm from Custer
These niggas tryna hold me back
But a nigga can't never hold me back
Gucci Mane I'm a get up
And I'm a walk round and I'm a get me a stack
Walk around with these thigh pads
Damn my nigga that my bad
That you broke some damn fast
Have the same chance that I had
You feel bad but I'm not sad
You could talk trash but I moved on
Three homes ten phones
Tell me where did it go wrong
All the money that I have
A.k.a that's my stash
Nigga try to take my cash
Bet the nigga gon die fast
50 bands in the brand new pants
Take 5000 and I wipe my ass
Gucci Mane fear no man
I'm a tough guy like Conan
Mojo my right hand
And you nigga was our dope man
RIP to my dope man
I know he lookin down from Heaven
I'm chargin 39 hundred 'fore I got them bags in
8-50 you know I got that swag in
I got that Mexican weed them bricks you know that trash shit
And all you gotta do is drive this shit to Athens
Brick Squad in this bitch we known for takin
I got a couple more of them squares lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Gucci Mane the player millionaire but don't give no care
Tote my pistol anywhere go to war with a grizzly bear
Burn your house with your kids in there
Call the folks how? I have been in there
AK in my ceiling there - drop top V 12 cylinders...
Gucci Mane the player millionaire but don't give no care
Tote my pistol anywhere go to war with a grizzly bear
Burn your house with your kids in there
Call the folks how? I have been in there
AK in my ceiling there - drop top V 12 cylinders
Your girl never had Christian Louboutins so I bought her a pair
Really it's not an affair 'cause she fucked a millionaire
Mack 10 with a cooler fool
These fuck niggas with bullet wounds
Stitchin' hangin out my britches you can see this from a distance
I've got Bloods and Crips with 30 clips
Fresh ass nigga with a dirty pistol
I'm the same nigga that fucked your sister
You so broke can't buy no pistol
I'll buy your bitch I'll buy your life
Don't know when but your mom'll miss you
Every day I'm on driver nigga - never catch me in neutral
I ain't doin nothin' in reverse
Well lose you nigga now converse
See the concert of my convert
Got the right plan but the wrong purse
I've got yellow gold I've got rose gold
I've got pink diamonds like Starburst
I don't rehearse I don't plan first
That nigga strong hook I called the right person
Yellow bone butt naked
If the pussy wack eject it
Man all my hoes be actin' like detectives
But I don't give a fuck and if I did I would give it to you
That rainbow has two colors ñ rhythm and blues yeah...
I just hope for the time my time's only...
Say we runnin' out of time tell that to a time bomb yeah
Then she kiss me on my bullet wound
Who are you? 'Cause motherfucker I'm me
Fuckin' right - and if she say she catchin' that nut I throw a strike
I can't believe it's butter go get my butter knife
Shoot a nigga twice in case he live a double life
Lil Tunechi yeah...
Shorty pussy wet the dope drippin' wet
I live a double life I got a stupid dumb chick
I do the shit that rappers do without a rap check
I shit on hoes and pour up fours I got street respect
I'll hit you with that carver you won't live a double life
I hit you niggas last week so I got double strike
Foreign bad bitch and she fuckin' on sight
I go Hublots I got Rollies lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
They shot my homie for nothing killed my homie for nothing
I smoke blunts everyday to try to wish it didn't happen
But I can't bring him back cause I am only a mortal
People think I'm a God but to me I'm only normal
I used to trap on the corner trap  with the thermal
I had that TEC in the bushes run up on me I burn you
Folks they come to Atlanta just to ride through my zone
Wanna see where I trapped at they wanna see what's my home
In the place that I said everything that I meant
I got so many pounds in the apartment think I got dreads
I got money in the bed so I sleep with the bread
If you play with Bricksquad them might take off your head
I'm so high fuck nigga I'm so high
I'm so high baby girl I'm so high
She get high your baby girl she get fucked up
And he get high you know that nigga fuck his nose up
I'm so high fuck nigga I'm so high
I'm so high fuck nigga I'm so high
She so high but bitch with me so she good night
And you so broke you looking at us with all this ice
Bitch I bigger pay her or get bigger paid everyday is a bigger day
Bigger nigga get a bigger gun hit his ass in his bigger face
Bigger  and I fuck with him half the niggas he with her don't like
That young nigga 'bout trigger play and my section Lil Jay like nigga day
Reiterate I'm 'bout pistol play anything with my pistol say
Shoulder deep in this cocaine but nigga I can hold the weight
Appraise me I'm a mill' today
A mill and a mill made a mill today
Say you wanna do a show what's the rate?
Told a nigga fifty with a steel face
Smoking on kush and I'm drinking on grape's I feel just like I'm Pimp C
Say Gucci Mane you a murderer so you can't get a sponsor like Pepsi
Say Pepsi fuck you cause I fuck with the Coca-Cola anyway
On check day it's booming lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Brick Squad about to walk in here
So cold a nigga bitch say flip
Drinkin on lean like a ice-cold beer
Can't give you none give you what got you here
Diamonds so big they hurt my ear
Sip codeine bitch not Belvedere
Ballin like a nigga on his first day I
You chain so little that I hurt my eye
Your watch ain't real you a goddamn lie
Got some little bit of niggas I'm a big ol playa
I can take her to you vacash
Car collision first place
Over 10 years and they couldn't take it
Told I'm a hold their operation
I'm a man bustin what I stand for
Everything I stand for
And I'm a hound dog kinda fragile
Cause I drop down better pipe down
EA GA AK to the peach state
And a bitch can't call me cheap skate
I'm worth 20 mill on E-bay
Gucci Mane ain't ballin
Young bitch so what yo mouth say
Ain't no 1 on 1 nigga
He swing I hit you
I ain't no front for fun nigga
He ridin with you he die with you
I ain't thinkin of bitin my tongue nigga
Everybody know I don't fuck with you
And I ain't finna to go in no club nigga
And if you let me home with this lil nigga
Pistol in the party pistol in the party
They let me in the club I brought my pistol to the party
Pistol in the party pistol in the party
They let me in the club I brought my pistol to the party
Bet a million dollars at a month nigga
Quarter mill for a lunch nigga
Hundred dollars a blunt nigga
Check ay I had don't talk nigga
200 dollars a blunt nigga
This ain't what you want nigga
Got riffles like I'm huntin niggas
Hand choppas and punk niggas
Well chumps ain't keep runnin your mouth
If you went another mile then you gon be in my trunk nigga
Got a ill nigga just slum niggas
But all I do is just point fingers
Had the niggas fightin like Jerry Springer
Thin them fuckin hoes my trigga bang
I know pimp niggas but no gang bangers
Same plane different angle
With the tango we Gucci
So you like you want a gumbo
Got her waitin for ya and a funeral
And you add these numbers like candles
They grew up lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I thank God I woke up today
Trap God 2 nigga! Rich...
Soundtrack for the motherfuckin' streets
Scream!
It's a motherfuckin' miracle
Yeah it's a motherfuckin' miracle
I make a half to a whole one
Yeah that's a motherfuckin' miracle
Broke nigga turned millionaire
Yeah it's a motherfuckin' miracle
Got 26s on my vehicles
And it's a motherfuckin' miracle
Now I ain't motherfuckin' lyrical
Got 50 bowls in my living room
My bedroom is the chicken room
I'm eatin' like it's Thanksgiving fool
And I do it like a nigga do
I wrap up but I pull the trigga too
Your best bet get a bigger crew
I'm playin' chess while you shootin' pool
Make your next move be your best move
Run up on Guwap I'm a let loose
What you mad for? Nigga I'm upset too
They say the yellow jewelry jeweller in the rest room
On the top a nigga'll hit you with a barstool
You the type of bitch'll make up wear a costume
You little boys better go and watch some cartoons
'Cause I'm my own man nigga I'm my own goon
And I swear I got a whip game incredible
God take my breath now if I'm scared of you
I'll turn your best friend to a fuckin' vegetable
But I'm a stop talkin' I ain't tryna lecture you
I'm the president nigga it's election year
EA dictator ain't no reelections here
Spectator nigga test that's ahead of you
Before I dap you up boy I'd rather wet you up
AK's ain't no pistols here
And we gon' wet you up here 
Now it's a motherfuckin' miracle 
How I put a hundred bands in one ear
I've got two-on-two hundred bands in my ear
Who this nigga here? Standin' mighty close to my rear
I'm just keepin' it real
I'll go shoot his ass and his ear damage my career
Hundred bands make me stand here
Diamonds come from...
Bitch I'm just playin' I appear diamonds crystal clear
Oh you got them bands? Okay dear we gon' milk you here
Might be broke I tattoo tears and no M&Ms
I'm a throwback boy and a blood I need them...
Guwap set up shop anywhere anytime hoe
Thug'll come with glocks anywhere any kind hoe
Green bells white bells oh that smell yeah that smell
Very rare we everywhere you'd never dare you in a wheelchair
I'll take that bitch slut that bitch fuck that bitch suck that bitch
Send that bitch back to you dead broke she like money man
Suck you like a tidnit... give her your paper
Just to bring it back to me
She like when I shine like a glacier
My pinky rings are equator
My cups is no maper I meant maple
Apple juice purple baby bottles Gerbel
I man Gerber kill shit murder sipper
Slurper it's a motherfuckin' miracle lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Woop woop
Goddamn that's a squad car
Woop woop
Goddamn that's a squad car
Woop woop
Goddamn that's a squad car
Woop woop
But all my niggas we got Bonfill
Bail money bail money
Yea bitch I got bail money
Smellin' like the jail and I know I look Hell honey
You say that that's your friend
It's just another nigga that gon' tell on you
I'm a street nigga and my girl ain't street
But I talk so slick she fell for me
Locked up since last Sunday
Someone please got the bail bondsman
Strapped up like Charles Branson
These four niggas ain't gon' do nothing
Lock Pope Game they be bluffin'
Softer than a blueberry muffin
Shoot first but I ain't askin questions
Selling drugs is my profession
Selling dope by the Best Western
Strapped up with my Smith & Wesson
To the bridge it's Cameron Texas
Drive it in or UPS it
T bricks and I'm driving reckless
All the dope that I get I stretch it
Going overboard I met my match
Severing hands to send a message
Just got jammed up on some bullshit
Court day it ain't til the 26th
On the phone right now with the button car
Got my old lady stressed 'cause I pitch a fix
Ready go ready go ready go right now
Got a check on me bitch come get me now
Got a warrant on my ass come get me Feds
If I'm full flyin off they gon hide my ass
Can't sit down now I got too much goin'
I got three trap houses I got five hoes hoeing
Plus nigga walked and he wrecked the game
Came for the cash he can fuck the fame
Sit back just chillin sippin dirty shit
Tryna keep OG from murkin shit
Tryna keep Electrode from takin shit
Young Scooter gotta rush that rapist shit
Woop woop
Turn off it's a road
Woop woop
Hit the gas nigga don't stop
Woop woop
If they get close nigga you better pop
You can't go to jail we got 20 blocks
I get lots of dope I fuck lots of hoes
Ten thousand a show is spend no get we on the go
My son just afloat I just pull the 4
Louie to the floor start sittin on 24's
Young mob in my city brig squad cause I'm chip
If we beat them then I leave the house well that's advance
All my niggas trained to kill like Steven Seagal
Grab niggas like Duvall my niggas will shoot ya'll
40k off in this levi's
Money standing knee high
Been trappin since I was nee I poured my drink and I...
1.5 in my stairs lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
It's Guwop
Turn up
Catch up
Go ice cream Gucci Mane with the diamond grin
Ice cream Gucci Mane with the diamond grin
Bitches say my diamonds be retarded 
My lip I worth for million category
You in the VIP but unimportant
You say you want a bottle but can't afford it
Growing up I ain't have a lot of choices
My mama dropped me off on Morley
She's a vulture it was better man it was torture
If you married to a broke bitch my nigga divorce
You don't want these five hunnids
Then it ain't and I can tell ya
If your baby daddy broke then your child is a failure
Last bet the 99 now I got some shit to sell ya
That's for 2009 good I got something to mail
I'm smoking gangsta kush I'm on the toilet
They pulled us over but your girlfriend took the charges
Your boyfriend broke can't even buy a pair of Jordans
I'm ballin so hard I might buy a pair of Porsches
I'm a rich muthafucka
And she a thick muthafucka
Zone 6 muthafucka
And we some rich muthafuckas
Man I laughin' to the bank again
Smoking dank no limit it's the tank again
Ice cream Gucci Mane with the diamond grin
And if you really love me baby let me fuck your friend
I'm so turnt up that she tuned in
My penthouse so big she wanna move in
And my rims so big man it can't fit
15 chains all call me Slick Rick
Thick bitch hill squarin like a red nose
And before you got squarin like a blue pick
I got my main hoe buyin more extendos
And shootin all my ole foes where's my ol Ghost?
4-4 lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
I smoke weed for breakfast I drink lean for breakfast
I take mollies I take Xanax I can't eat no breakfast
Half a pound for breakfast two grams of molly breakfast
A pint of lean for breakfast and I'm cookin' dope for breakfast
I smoke weed for breakfast I drink lean for breakfast
I take mollies I take Xanax I can't eat no breakfast
Half a pound for breakfast two grams of molly breakfast
A pint of lean for breakfast I got collard greens for breakfast
Bitin' on my lip for breakfast can't serve that trick unless...
We on two different levels Flock said he just came from Belgium
My trap house right off Gresham I'm so goddamn successful
She ate my dick for dinner then she ate my lips for breakfast
Got a big booty bitch with some nice size titties
Baby so fine gotta let her ride with me
She the type of bitch gets an F550
You the type of bitch can't get one penny
Smoke 75 blunts in one minute
I ain't finna eat no Denny's or Wendy's
I sure ain't broke and I sure ain't friendly
I don't flash shows if the show got plenty
If the show a smorgasbord then I won't get skinny
Pour the lean so dark that it look like Henny
It's breakfast time and y'all niggas come get it
If you wanna go to war pussy nigga I'm with it
I peeped it you piece of shit
Try to creep on nigga I seen it
Put a beam on a nigga for treason
I'll kill a fuck nigga no reason
Pocket full of mollies blow them pounds out the window
Diamond Cuban gold link chain cost a kilo
Get it fronted by amigo plus I got a hit single
Motherfuck these niggas what the Hell they sayin'?
Crossed over still stay 'hood
Steel top on my Phantom hood
Can't cook dope but a nigga shoot good
Got your baby mama walkin' on my hardwood
Orange juice and five Backwoods for breakfast
80 000 dollars on a young nigga necklace
Can't hit the club if them hoes ain't naked
Waka Flocka Flame is so damn reckless
Niggas puttin' bands on they head just wreck it
Pocket full of hundreds don't do no debit
Only smoke gas you smoke unleaded
Brick Squad hittin' lanes found the exit
Smoke another pound my nigga
Where the fuck you from? Throw your 'hood up nigga
Diamonds in my mouth can't do golds my nigga
Shorty be boozed kicked back on the leather
Keep it real chase cheddar
She'll fuck for some red-bottoms and a Givenchy sweater
That hoe ain't shit ñ type of bitch that set me up
PeeWee in the cut with a scrap and a double cup
She ain't see him...
In the morning I'm still geekin' lickin' Miley Cyrus for breakfast
Three bad bitches from the Playboy Mansion
I'm PeeWee Longway Hefner
Got pink double-sealed in my refrigerator I pour mud up for breakfast
Got a place said he want a load of collard greens
Meet me on Metropolitan at the Burger King
Went out for breakfast nigga me and Waka and Gucci
Just finessed it up $4 000 gas pass in a Bentley truck
We eat rats that's how we get full
If you a rat we got the semi-auto full boy
Took your ice in that shit I ain't Bird
Catch a tail from the light I'll come and make this year
2013 I tip tryna calm my whip
Rappers talkin' 'bout the table countin' up my chips
Sippin' on mud drinkin' out the mug
With a nigga misses boy I know he pissed
Lean got me trippin' is it workin'? Shit...
One day I ain't gon' hurt you bitch
Y'all know the rest it's my breakfast bitch
Trust me not punk fuck you shit
Molly on me bitch the lean on me lyrics
Gucci Mane Lyrics
Shouts out to zone 6
East Atlanta stand up
Shouts out to the homey Coach-K
I'm in the ATL and I'm high as hell with no AC
Drop more grain than AC append 1-50 on my AP
I'm a asshole kinda arrogant
An Aquarius no Aries
Got a 1000 pieces of asparagus
And it's just touched from AZ
You fuck niggas don't know me
Be accurate when you compare me
Got a AR & a AK & I'll turn yo' ass to swiss cheese
Move smooth like a OG give it to 'em when I go from A to B
Watching out for APD
Cause this night we hot on goddamn weed
Flashback quantum leap
2003 and I'm in my V
Gold pat 99 put these things on my Caprice
Fast forward prison time
Coming down the strip in a Bentley
My pistol's my assistant
I'll shoot yo' ass from a distance
Greasy greasy
Don't bring no knife to no good fight because that greasy
Don't buy no dope in East Atlanta cause that greasy
These niggas thirsty for that check I swear they greasy
Young niggas greasy OGs they greasy
West side east side north side south side I swear they greasy
These niggas greasy these bitches greasy
Young niggas thirsty for the check I swear they greasy
Gucci Mane bought so much jury
That the niggas stand in and still feel worried
Better walk the yellow brick road
As to us it can get some curve
Buy a brick and it don't do shit
Don't quit nigga don't get discouraged
Real speak he keep talkin' shit
All of the niggas in yo clique get tortured
I'm a millionaire but I bought a V
Smoked it all with my bottom bitch
Chincos on my top grill 10 golds on no bottom bitch
Actin' like you bullshit
Where's your Hillary Rodem bitch?
With them ol' last red bottoms
She bitch a kiss I didn't acknowledge
Think I need me a college chick
Get brain with that knowledge shit
Put her up on money
Switch out the bitch closet quick
Charge her with a body kit
Cat suit her body bitch
Got free bricks lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Yo what's goin on this is Drake
And I'ma let you know what you about to witness aight?
This right here is a Drake and DJ Smallz collaboration
So I'm from Canada my mans from down South
You understand the #1 DJ in the South to be exact
You heard that at the VMA's you heard it wherever he goes
My man Smallz is out there down South
Same time reppin for Toronto Canada y'knahmean?
So this right here what you 'bout what you listenin to right NOW
is the official 
I call it the  mixtape
Cause I'm not perfect and I bet neither are you if you listenin
so you need to just accept what's THERE y'knahmean? But look
You need to just let this play out
from track one to track whatever however many I put on here
You need to just listen to this because look man
it's the first time Canadian down South my man Smallz
Your boy Drake you know what it is man
So just uhh lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Uh Yea Man Vo Back Again Like We Never Left Huh
Yea Man Im Sending This Out To Any Of My Girls Thats Different Man
Anybody Thats Special
You Know I Wanna Be Honest With You Women So Ima Start Off Like This
Uh Look I'm Bold From The Get Go
Go By The Title Of Drake
And Treating Me Like The Rest Is A Vital Mistake
I'm Hopin That Aint Nobody Else As Special As You
When I Say I've Been Disappointed Im Addressin A Few
I Finesse Then I Groove
While Most Of The 8 To 9's In My Past
Now Get A Rating Thats Less Than A 2
Its True I Been Talking To Aleshia Keisha And Nadia
And Shadia Had To Throw Peace Signs To A Lot Of Ya's
Payback To The Same Chicks From Way Back
Never Call Now They Wanna Be Where I Stays At
Now They Got The New Boy I'm Trying To Move Forward
And Pass Me Classy Something Like Drew Lord
A New Me Cool See I Never Get Around
If I Dont Change Now I Dont Think I'll Ever Settle Down
Even If I Gotta Travel A Bit
I'll Go Around The World And Back
Cuz I Know That Once I Have It Thats It And Uh
You Can't Just Love Me Like They Do
I Need Someone Special In You
I Know That Out There Theres A Few
See I've Been Searching I Don't What To Do
Can You Help Me?
She Gotta Be Special
By That I Mean That You Gon Hold Me Down
You Gotta Be Special
Cuz You Never Know How People Stick Around
Gotta Be Special
A Girl I Can Love That Sees Nothing Wrong With Getting Used To Me
Yea My Name Aint Change But I'm Far From The Man That I Used To Be
Since A Young Dude The Flow Was Nasty Acidic
Ever Since The Demo Dog 
And Groupies Are Gettin Brave
Now They Ask Me For 
Rappers I Write Em A Verse
And Ask Me To Spit It
But I Pay No Mind Though
Cuz They Know I Know
Hard As These Niggas Working Man
They Wont Sign So
Drake And Vo Back
I Take It You Know That
You Take It Sitting Down
Or You Can Take It To Gold Black
And Since Drake Done Took It From Curls To Waves
Its Been Kind Of Like A Whirlwind Phase
I Mean I Had My Share Of Women
Now A Nigga Gettin Girls For Days
With Most Of Em Its Seemin Like They World Is Staged
But From Georgia To Bk And All Around The World
Get Your Hands In The Air If Your Avoiding The Cliche
If You've Been Hurt And You Alone Be Steady
These The Same Dudes From Rewind Grown And Ready And Uh
You Can Just Love Me Like They Do
I Need Someone Special In You
I Know That Out There Theres A Few
See I've Been Searching I Dont Know What To Do
Can You Help Me?
Special
By That I Mean That You Gon Hold Me Down
Gotta Be Special
Cuz You Never Know How People Stick Around
Special
A Girl I Can Love That Sees Nothing Wrong With Getting Used To Me
Yea My Name Aint Change But I'm Far From The Man That I Used To Be
Look Theres Requirements To Be An Admirer
Still The New Version Of Fresh Needa A Nia Or Tyra
So We Can Be Jenny And Swayze
I Told You I'm Careful With My Heart Girl Many Have Played Me
Or Maybe Its Karma
They Say Is A Charmer
Halfway To A Night So I Stay In A Armor
I'm Fire On The Move
A Tire Looking Smooth
I'm Not Perfect But I Got A Desire To Improve
I'm Special
Like Kids In A Graduating Class
Having More Trouble Than Others When Addin Basic Math
Need You To Be Special Like Areba To Cootmore
Double O Top Secret Agents With Suits On
Something So Deep It Da Drown Me
Friends Are Some Cool Dudes
I Vouch For The People Around Me
On Your End Its Simple
All You Have To Do
Is Give Me No Reason For Other Lovers After You And Uh
You Can't Just Love Me Like They Do
(Yea; And You A Legend For Real Ima Give You That Man)
I Need Someone Special In You
I Know That Out There Theres A Few
See I've Been Searching I Don't What To Do
Can You Help Me?
Special
By That I Mean That You Gon Hold Me Down
Special
Cuz You Never Know How People Stick Around
Gotta Be Special
A Girl I Can Love That Sees Nothing Wrong With Getting Used To Me
Yea My Name Aint Change But I'm Far From The Man That I Used To Be
Vo And D-R-A-K-E
We Them Boys That You Came To See 
Yep We Take It To The Same Degree
So Let Loose Since You Came With Me 
Vo lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Stance on lean leg up on the wall
My people they chill why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh do what you do what you I do what I do
Do's what you do I do what I do
Getting down tonight if they say you cuttin'
A lot of rappers in my city they ain't saying nothin'
A lot of records from here they get no play
And these labels don't give advances so you get no pay
Them little rims on the ride I'mma let those stay
So these nosy niggas won't know that I get checks all day
'Whats he worth?' Fans keep trying on guessing
My record ain't even finish they keep trying to press it
Boi-1da and Drake if there's beef I address it
And the black Phantom is here soon as we find our exit
Both of the deals nothing under a mill
We know you got it to give and we trying to collect it
Long as I got me some heat through the winter
Drake known as a pro I'mma teach you beginners
Bout to ink with a major like sheets through a printer
For features ya'll better get me while its cheaper than dinner
Cause me and 1da trying to get at your girl
If you see her tell this nigga got some beats I'mma sell her
Check the verses I'm writing you might wanna learn it
You hatin my song but your wife wanna burn it
So now you at the store for some blank CDs
You can't see me for your sake might wanna return it
Cause if you bring them discs home to ya girl she'll forget you
And I'll be the only one she concerned with
To the people that ignored me before this
This one is for you as a song re-recorded
Funny thing is you just notice me now
But I was here along your vision's just been distorted
I'm so throwed  and I write a sixteen and record it
The waiting is over I think music need it
Drake cuttin his records without gettin weeded
People in the South want it chopped and screwed I got this dude
They expectations I'mma exceed it
Like a singer with only backgrounds ya'll record it
When it's done ya lyrics tend to mislead shit
Finally here I'mma star with the timing
My swagger is chill and my flow is reclining
This for anybody that's searchin for cash
And purchase so fast you only get the dough when you grindin
And so I grind like I'm listening to all Wayne
My pain you can experience through the rhyming boy
Two years ago a friend of mine
Asked me to kick some new school lines
And so I sent him a rhyme it was fresh to death
Now not signing me is something that the rest regret
Then I lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Southern Smoke {echo}
It's Southern Smoke baby!
 Frank 
 My man Nickelus F
 Ho! It's Drake. Southern Smoke
 This is the remix right here
 So if you got some 
Put ya hands in the air
 Southern Smoke
Now-a-days you sayin' that I should go Jermaine I should go Pharrell
Either or my nigga make sure you don't get shelled
 Make sure your money's right and they do a promotion well
So you could get checks cut like Benedict in Ocean's Twelve
This ain't Brad Pitt I gotta admit
I'm sick of seeing chicks in that Louis V and that Plaid shit cause it's a bad fit
They say my father lives through me so this is just basically how my dad spit
I know my cash come quick when it's sunny
You know a girl is special if I stick with her honey
If it wasn't for dummies chick would still have money
And if it wasn't for money Nick would still have Skummy
So guess it's kinda like a gift and a curse
To jip money is easier than liftin' a purse
If you pick the wrong mother who'll snatch you run for cover
A week later you might find ya click in a hearse boy!
I take time arrange that 
Some kill just to claim that 
Switch countries exchange that 
You cannot get jack for freeee
And my proceeds and cash right 
There's no need to stash right 
Got the same 4 g's from last night 
You cannot take that from meeeee homie
I take time arrange that 
Some kill just to claim that 
Switch countries exchange that 
You cannot get jack for freeee
And my proceeds and cash right
There's no need to stash right
Got the same 4 g's from last night
You cannot take that from meeeee lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Yo I wake up every morning shower gather my belongings
Yo I wake up every morning shower gather my belongings
Head to works I get some breakfast 'cause still a nigga yawning
From the night before at the club I was up I'm tryna live
Only twenty two my nig 'bout to be twenty three ya dig?
Yo I wake up every morning shower gather my belongings
Head to works I get some breakfast 'cause still a nigga yawning
From the night before at the club I was up I'm tryna live
Only twenty two my nig 'bout to be twenty three ya dig?
Time don't wait for none of us that's why I gotta chase my dreams
Make my momma proud so she can show off all her pearly teeth
And be half the man my dad was I thank God he was in my life
I realize how many 
Either I need to make this music work or move from the Earth
I'm preachin' fire need a choir 'bout to take you all to church
My congregation bombed the nation with this HIP HOP
We in the race to fame blowin' pass the PIT STOPS
I heard the prize was some chicks and a WRIST WATCH
And all you gotta do is go to jail or GET SHOT
Yeah Nick cop but he ain't never get popped
How we gonna get pop fans? Give 'em a quick shot
Now I get ya chick hot with my wrist watch
Yeah shorty drip drop when it tick tock
It's kinda sick huh? Ay Jay put it in the heart of Pickering
And tell them niggas this is NICK'S SPOT
They don't keep it fresh enough I got it zip locked
Saran wrap anthrax it make ya sick huh
I'm hot as fire wanna put me out with piss huh
It ain't as easy as it looks we go through some shit
You cut us a check then we go through some hits
Then you show us respect then we'll say you legit
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM
I'm tryna get that cash then watch how tall it grows
Soon as we get the ass we start callin' 'em hos
The concept you don't grasp I'm guessin' you too old
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM
Ayo I stay up every evening write that shit that they believe in
DJs run it they approach me and it's praise I be receiving
From the night befo' at the club fake I.D. my record spins
Got me dancin' right outside since these niggas won't let me in
Well guess again slip around the back and get it crackin'
And all the bottles wrapped in cellophane 
Hundred grand Nickle F that nigga's the next to win
Virgina go rep for him and Memphis represent for me
To the tenth 10 degree Tennekey T Dot to the country ya'll
Orangemen and White Haven an back up north to Montreal
I ain't ashamed my city ain't on the map
 Light that fire realize they ain't born to rap
 Pass the torch and sell they soul 
Maybe they can bring they career back
But these niggas right here ain't tryna hear that
Cause I'm on set make it work break even on 9 to 5's
Cigarettes and lotto tickets tryna keep that grind alive
All my uncles they hit the casino when they get they check
My cousins they paint they  to get respect
This can't be life dominoes and  dro and twenty stacks
Rest In Peace to SKUMMY this reality not funny rap!
You think it's funny till these youngings suck a bunny
Pull the jack rabbit out and get to screamin' where the money at?!
It ain't as easy as it looks we go through some shit
You cut us a check then we go through some hits
Then you show us respect then we'll say you legit
And this is the life that I lead from AM to PM
I'm tryna get that cash then watch how tall it grows
Soon as we get the ass we start callin' 'em hos
The concept you don't grasp lyrics
Drake Lyrics
This the record that my backpack underground fans get to get to skippin
Back back Southern town fans get to tippin
Chasin fat stacks runnin down grands and submission
I don't back track every single sound for me different
I don't own no ice just got clean rap
Don't ever two step I just rock lean snap
We could take it out to Houston where the rides all glossed up
Anybody I'm standin beside's all bossed up
Burgular ? they say I'm servin them rhymers
And me and Nickel F go together like burgers and diners yes
I'm like a waiter and you something like a hater
With trays in both hands place an order I can cater uh
I got the diamonds in my teeth flow
Memphis is the reason that my rhyming and my *chopped voice* speech slow
Peep though I only got pity for you lames
Sitting pretty in the game in the city that I claim
Yo the city is mine 
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up range rove yo chick wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna 
Shake shake it drop it drop it bounce it bounce it wop it wop it
Girl move that thang like you gettin money for college go!
Shake shake it drop it drop it bounce it bounce it wop it wop it
Girl move that thang like you gettin money for college go!
Break it down like you working for your tuition at Howard
Mama get it how you live that thang that you working is power
Tryna be generous so honey here's a tip
Now-a-days it's gettin cheaper to put 20's on the whip
So if you a opportunist look for 20's in the clip
And if you find 'em attractive and funny that's when you dip dip
And it's a trip my city broke into sections
Up North I got me a couple of troubles couple connections
And it's nothing that I created on purpose there's people that gotta problem
But they scared to let it surface uh
Ya boy say this that and the third to 'em
See me out and they never utter a word to 'em
Expect me not to draw a card from the deck
Anybody in my city going hard I respect but
You gotta debt and you choose not to pay that
Imma hop ya fence come into your yard and collect lect uh
It ain't a problem of concern bruh I always end up with exactly what I earn bruh
This ain't last year money like a cashier so hand your receipt if you tryna make a return bruh
Yessir I live in a city where a lot of people don't get shine shine
And I be on by the fence as soon as anybody stepping out of line line
And I got way too much love for the city I can never get too much of
And if anybody hatin on me I deport 'em the city is mine boy
Yo the city is mine 
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up range rove yo chick wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna 
Shake shake it drop it drop it bounce it bounce it wop it wop it
Girl move that thang like you gettin money for college go!
Shake shake it drop it drop it bounce it bounce it wop it wop it
Girl move that thang like you gettin money for college go!
Break it down break it break it down
Break it down break it break it down
Break it down break it break it down
Break it down lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Lady You Say I Stay In The House Til Four
We Dont Even Go Out No More
Its Always The Same Eh
Always Complainin
Its Obvious Baby
I Guess You Dont Watch The News
You See Theres A Lot To Lose
Cuz We Got A Baby
And People Are Shady
My Generation Is Changin
Aside From The Fact
The Dealers Have Customers They Provide With The Crack
Front Of The Buses Taken
And We Denied From The Back
You Can Die Where From Or Die Where You At
Don't Put It Past Them
I Dont Think That They Understood
My Friends They Dont Even Sit In The Class When They Should
He Can Come Pick You Up
If Your Dads In The Hood
Not Bad Meaning Bad But Bad Meaning Good Good Good
Lady Somebody Shot Up The Place Right By
Where I Work And I Think They Might
Be Coming For Me Next
Lend Me Ya Kleenex
I'm Tellin You Baby
I Think I'm A Bout To Cry
Still Gotta Go Out Tonight
Cuz I Gotta Feed You
I Hope That I See You Again... Again
Hope That I See You See You
Don't Put It Past Them
I Dont Think That They Understood
My Friends They Dont Even Sit In The Class When They Should
He Can Come Pick You Up
If Your Dads In The Hood
Not Bad Meaning Bad But Bad Meaning Good Good Good
Lately I Dont Know About The Friends That I Hang With
Im Nervous Round My Boys It Depends On Their Anguish
Depends On If They Saving All The Tops On Pepsi
With Dreams Of Seeing Girls Topless On Jet Skis
Depends On What They Do To Achieve That
Robbing R&B Singers 'specially If They Know Where The Keys At
'specially If They Know Where They Girl Live
Get The Info Leave With Ya Money Man Thats How The World Is
Thats How Niggas Puttin They Dirt Down
Streets Are Seedy I Call Em Sesame... Berkstown
'specially When These Young'ns Get Turned Down For Work Opportunities
Next Week Same Place'll Get Burnt Down
Coincidink? Not Likely Not A Chance
How Can We Be So Aware Of These Problems And Not Advance?
At Least Start Put A Bid In Its Hard Just To Fit In
A Lot Of People Only Play They Part When They Spittin
But I Dont Think That They Understood
They Using This Darkness For Penetration In The Hood
I Took The Ivory Way In And Yes Im Glad That Keenan Could
Not Bad Meaning Bad But Bad Meaning Good Good Good
Not Bad Meaning Bad But Bad Meaning Good
Not Bad Meaning Bad lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Loves Lost
Loves Gone
Love Lost
Love Is Gone 
Look
In This World Of Desperate Housewives And Freakin Players
Rappers They Tend To Be Smilin
Because They Swimmin In Women
Most Of Em Sick Of Favors
They Come In Secret Flavors
Thats Why I Envy Omar
Because So Far
And Thats Some Higher Learning
Trying Ta Excel With The Brake On
I'll Have You Stuck In The Same Spot
With The Tires Burnin
And Im A Liar Turnin 19 Jaded With No Faith
In Any Female Thats Askin What I Was Earnin
I Met This Recent Lady
She Knew A Piece Of Sadey By Spinners
I Guess In My Southern Eyes That She Decent Maybe
Well Second Thought If We Have It Then She Can Keep The Baby
Cuz She Aint Give Me The Butterflies That Aleshia Gave Me
Its Like Im Using Some Bread To Sop Up Some Decent Gravy
Now Im Out Of Both And I've Been Thinkin Of Aleshia Lately
Im All Alone I Got A Feelin Its On
Cuz Nowadays Most Of The Thrill Of Chillin Is Gone And Uh
Loves Lost
Loves Gone
Love Lost
Love Is Gone
Some Dudes They Turn Purple With Hurt Faces
Circling Workplaces
And Following Girls On The Assumptions Of What The Worst Case Is
They Get To First Bases
Then They Get To Retreating Cuz If She Cheatin
He Wanna Know What The First Trace Is
Now You Like Macgyver
Cuz You Sneakin Around
And She Dont Know That You There When You Standin Right Beside Her
I Cant Relate To That
I Had To Take It Back A Couple A Years
When Some Of The Best Kicked It With Drake In Fact
I Bet That They Knew It Cuz In My Mind I Play Through It
With  And They Lewis And A Couple Things That They True In
And In The End I Listen But I Dont See Me As They Do
Cuz Its My Opinion My Life My Potentials For My Wife
And I Used To Be Eager To Buy Em The World
Maybe Im Confused About What I Desire From Girls
Either Way Im All Alone Got A Feelin Its On
Cuz Nowadays Most Of The Thrill Of Just Chillin Is Gone And Uh
Loves Lost
Loves Gone
Love Lost
Love Is Gone
Check
And Nowadays Some Girls Are The Type Of Person That
Will Tell They Friends That They Use Him Which Is Confusin
Since I Aint Made Them A Purchase Yet
But Theres Logic Behind It
Emotions Double And They Try To Cover Up
Like A Mansion With The Projects Behind It
I Tend To Freak With This
I Get A Girl And Pretend That I Love The Spendin
And All She Gave Was A Decent Kiss
Thinkin She Been Spoiled
But Golddiggin Is Nothing When You Can Shovel For Days
And Come Up With Tin Foil
We Could Dissect It See
You Take A Dominique Or Another Freak In The Sheets
And You Picture That She Just Slept With Me For Nothing
Gave Her Nothing
Her Reputations In Jeopardy
Cuz It Aint Take Her 3 Of That Shopping To Get Her Next To Me
Collectively I Look For A Proper Chick That'll Rep For Me
Instead Of Seeing Something She Wants And Callin And Textin Me
For Thinkin That Exists lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Look
If You A Girl With The Aspirations
Of Being In The Background Witcha Asses Shakin
Hittin Clubs And Skippin Out On The Class You Takin
I Ask You To Have Some Patience
To My Dudes At The Bar With A Freak And
Steady Lightin Cigars At The Parties They Sneak In
And Look Forward To Being A Star On The Weekend
Ya Are Part Of The Speech Coz
Im From The City Where People Be Gettin Lazy
Litterin In The Streets
And The Club District Is Poppin Like Literally Every Week
And Promoters'll Push Flyers
Money Exchange Hands
Liars Sell You They Dreams
And Dummies Exchange Plans
Hustlers Give You Events
Bouncers Give You Pass
Directors Give Em A Shot
So Girls'll Give Up The Ass
And Groupies That Would Flock To Hometown Athletes
And Start Rolling Together Like Snoopy And Woodstock
Daffy And Bugs Its All Laughing And Hugs
Til The Dude Catch A Plane
And She Back Where She Was
Right Back On The Bus
Its Ashame Cuz Now At His Rental
She Throwin Bricks Like Shaq In The Clutch
You Can See Thats Shes Colder
Cuz He Doesnt Hold Her
Fall Flat On The Ground Trying Ta Lean On His Shoulder
Know That He Tried Ta Told Her
That He Couldnt Mold Her
If This The Type Of Chick You Wanna Be When You Older I Say
If You A Girl With The Aspirations
Of Being In The Background Witcha Asses Shakin
Hittin Clubs And Skippin Out On The Class You Takin
I Ask You To Have Some Patience
To My Dudes At The Bar With A Freak And
Steady Lightin Cigars At The Parties They Sneak In
And Look Forward To Being A Star On The Weekend
Ya Are Part Of The Speech Coz
Now Up North Theres Five Artists Deservin A Listen
And Im One Of Em The Other Four You Know Who You Are
But If You Gotta Think Through
Chances Are That It Aint You
I Singlehandedly Carry Out What You Cant Do
And See I Take A Couple Of Breathers
And Then Things Come Together On The Spot Like A Couple Thats Eager
If You Wanna Pack A Duffel And Leave Her
Go Ahead I Couldnt Give Two Damns Like A Couple Of Beavers
But Uh The In & The Out
Whenever Im Out In Memphis The Man Seen As Trill
And Every Verse The Man Seem To Kill
You Can Find Him With Black Jays And Socks Like Im Andreena Mill
Japan And Brazil The Audience Acreaming
And Then You Come Around And All The Fans Seems To Chill
Advances To Deals Financing Appeals
The Hustles lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Uh Yea Get In My Slick Rick Mode
N'a Mean? Im A Tell Ya A Story Real Quick
Look
She Got A Saying Theres No Alice Without The Tin Man
Crib Was 2 Mil Plus I Just Bought A Couch For Ten Grand
Even If The House Was Ten Grand
And There Was No Pool
Would I Still Be Witout My Swim Fan?
The Ceiling Could Be Higher
She Making Requests
Dont Know If She Feeling Me Or She Be Feelin What I Buy Her
And Purses Are Light Now
She Use Em All The Time
So She Smilin To The The Point That It Hurt When She Bite Down
And She Simply A New Model
Stay Spendin Dollars
But She Got Less Sense Than A Empty Perfume Bottle
At Times She A Solid Chick
And Im A Sucka For The Cuties
So She Always Lookin Good When My Wallets Thick
Chillin On The Linen She All Up In The Closet So Much
Got A Hunch Thats Shes Feelin Other Women
Want The Diamonds On The Face In The Center
Nice Guys Finish Last So Im Winnin Every Race That I Enter And She A
Video Girl
Eh Yo You Have To Listen
Im In A Bad Position
I Fell In Love With A
Video Girl
I Wouldnt Call Her Name
I Got The Feelin That They All The Same
And She A
Video Girl
To The Fullest Extent
So I Wrote You A Song
Cuz I Cant Stay With A
Video Girl
And You Betrayed Your Wealth
Got A Feelin You Shoulda Stayed Yourself
You're All The Same
Look At Vida Guerrera
Theres No Need To Compare Her
I Bet She Smiles Cuz She Loves What She Sees In The Mirror
I Bet Shes Out Meetin Directors Instead
And Frustratrated Cuz Shes Already Been Addressed In They Head
Be A Teacher Open Up Shop If You Can Do Nails Fine
Apply For A Business Loan And I'll Bet You That They'll Sign
If You A Real Dime
Poppin As If Its Your Only Option
Girl Theres Things To Do
Other Than Jail Time
Look This Aint A Song Dissing Half Of These Rappers
Or Pasha And Sasha Esther Baxter
Melyssa Ford Or Katy Or Anyone After
I Just Give My Opinion For Laughter
Or Maybe To Think On
So Next Time You Out At The Club
And A Brother Offers The Whole Table Something To Drink On
You Just Take In Effect He Got A Stack With A Mink On
Now He Got You Doing Everything That You Think Wrong
Look You Tell Your Parents That Its Cash At An Easy Pace
Ya Dad Screaming Take Ya Ass Outta Jeezy Face
And As Ya Man I Wont Back Down First
But They Got You Doing Soft-Core Background Work
That Messed Up Like An Officer That Pulls You Over
And He Ask Questions Later And Pat Down First
But You Aint Thandie Newton And This Aint Crash Here
The Resolutions Passed Baby This Aint Last Year
Look I Got A Message I'll Say It
I Got Some Beats Still
Regina Hall And Garcelle And Alice Neal
Young Girls These Here Women With Big Dreams
Role Models That You Can Watch On The Big Screen
If You Refuse To Change And You That Chick Still
Respect Yourself Dont Be Convinced That These Tricks Will
You Got An Audience Believe It Or Not
My Cousin Who Cant Speak Know The Lyrics To Tip Drill
Video Girl
Eh Yo You Have To Listen
Im In A Bad Position
I Fell In Love With A
Video Girl
I Wouldnt Call Her Name
I Got The Feelin That They All The Same
And She A
Video Girl
To The Fullest Extent
So I Wrote You A Song
Cuz I Cant Stay With A
Video Girl
And You Betrayed Your Wealth
Got A Feelin You Shoulda Stayed Yourself
And I Aint Trying Ta Generalize Every Video Girl You N'a Mean?
Say That Ya All One Way Man Its Just That Sometimes Man You Gotta
Accept The Fact That Theres Times That You Gotta Better Yourself
You Know As A Person Man. I Love To See My Black Women Strong Single
Independent. Doing They Thing Without Popping They Booty In Some Rappers
Video You N'a Mean? Its A Wonderful Thing Baby. So Uh Dont Hate Me For
This One Ladies. Just Take My Advice You N'a Mean? Cuz Its Like Uh lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Yeah This Dedicated To Canada Man
The Whole Up North
A Lot Of People Don't Realize How Cold It Gets During The Winter
But Listen...
I Met This New Girl Late June Or Early July
I Called Her A Bunch Of Times But She Barely Replied
Now It's December I'm Driving And She's Like Where's My Hi?
I Swear That I Never Called You Cause I Really Get Shy
See That Was A Segue I Believe The Matter
Is What Happens After The Seaon Where The Leaves Just Scatter
Where The Timb Laces Get Tighter And Parka Hoods Flip Up
Drugs Dealers Standin And They Parka Hoods Slip Up
Where Girls Become Exes From Summer's Caught Ho'in
The Winter Cars Come Out The Summer Cars Go In
And Some Places Is Breezy And Some It Start Snow-Ing
And If You Planning Family Vacations You Better Know When
But Some Mothers Scared To Send They Daughters Out The City
Instead She Get A Sweater That She Bought Her Out Of Pity
Cause Mom Stays Up Late She Seen Them Videos
Where Cancun College Students Pouring Water On Their Titties!
Yeah Man It's A Funny Thing Going Through The Winter Up Here Man
A Lot Of Girls Y'know Wanna Get Close. You Might Think They The One
But Just Wait Nah Mean Take It Slow
Forget To Mention This Girl That Never Gets To The Beach
She Lives Just West Of My Street And So We Destined To Meet
Since I'm Driving I Ask Her How To Get The Suite
She Doesn't Answer Opens The Door And Just Gets In The Seat
She Throws Her Bag In The Back And Starts Adjusting The Heat
She's Bold But I Roll With It I'm Impressed Cause She's Sweet
Then She Says "I Heard Your Song And I'm Obsessed With The Beat
I Mean The Lyrics Are Good But I'm Obsessed With The Beat
I Love It When Voyce Sings And The Chorus Is Good
There's A Couple Things In The Song That I Suggest You Repeat"
Off This I'm Kinda Takin It Back For A Second
I Get Her Number She Tells Me To Call Her After This Session
And So I Do And It's Kind Of Awkward The Surface Hard To Scratch
Until We End Up Sexin And Now My Heart Attached
I'm Thinkin Off I Should've Been More Southern
And Realizing All That She Wanted Was That Indoor Lovin And Ho!
Yeah Uh I Told Ya'll I Had A Story For You Right
Uh Ya Man It's What It Is
And Now I'm Proud To Have Her Like Montreal To The Frizzench
She Love To Play Hurt Like Carter Did On The Bizzench
But My Boy Say I'm Actin Different Because I Lay Downtown
And I Still I Rush To Pick Her Up From Work And Fizzench
She Tellin Everyone Imma Hold Here Down
Tell Everyone I'm The Prince Up In This Cold Clear Town
And Stupid Me I Just Listen To Her
Instead Of Wondering If This Is Really Gon' Last Me The Whole Year Round
But Then Spring Shows Up And It's Dallas In This Bitch
The Weather Starts To Resemble The Holidays She Missed
When We Were Together It Seeming Like Way Back When
Ball Players Hop On The Plane And Make It Way Back In
See She Used To Play Piana And Now She Never Wait For Santa
Instead Of Saving For Marriage She Saving For Carrabanna
And It's A Shame She Had Me Convinced That She Could've Been A Dime
I Guess I Lost Another One To The Wintertime
I Miss You Most Of Aaaallll Myy Daarling 
 Strolling In The Park 
And Watching Winter Turn To Spriing 
(Yeah Man You Know We Had To Switch It On 'em Right?)
Strolling In The Park And Watching Winter Turn To Spriing
(I'm Still Standing On Two Feet Even After This Tragic Loss)
(Man But I Got Something To Else To Tell Ya Baby)
I Remember Them Encore Pms Breakfast And The Wake Up
Now Drake's Committed We Waiting On The Breakup
So We Can Get Back To Them Cognac Nights
With Dress Codes And Light Skinned Girls That Won't Act Right
And I Laugh Cause My Previous Lifestyle Was Quite Wild
The Winter Came And Blew His Cold Air Through
Back Then Light Sweaters And A Couple Drinks Might Get Her
By The End Of The Week I Would Know That Crew
And We'd Assembled A Trio A Whole New Scene
With Three Ladies In The Shot We Never Broke Routine
At The End Of Every Cut When The Cameras Are Rollin
We Had Ladie's Hearts Always Gettin Damaged And Stolen
But This Summer Is Different It's A Two Man Operation
Granted The Fact That We One Man Short
Got Love For Him He Can Watch This New Man Stop A Nation
Cause Handin' Them Crack Is A One Man Sport
Instead Of Dress-Up I Walk In Sweat Pants And Chomp Clinkin'
I Find A Girl We Step Dance And Calm Drinkin'
The Face The Breast The Bras The Toes
I'm Still Solo And A Long Night Draws To A Close
Cause It's A Fact If She Come To The Crib And I Get Some Ass Inside
We'll Never Talk Again Scary And True
That Song Special I Recorded With Voyce Well It's Like A Classified
It's What I'm Lookin For To Carry Me Through
Yet I Can't Seem To Find A Heavy Girl That Possesses It
Only Wants A Friendship Causing Me To Forget The Shit
And When They Talk About They Past And Lovers
And You Get Mad At The Though Of It Giving Ass To Others
Yet You Find Peace With Yourself Now Least There's Some Room To Ride
There's Also Room For Improvement As Soon As June Arrive
Strolling In The Park And Watching Winter Turn To Spriing
Strolling In The Park And Watching Winter Turn To Spriing
Strolling In The Park lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Southern Smoke!!!
Yeah. Ho! 
It's Drake. Uh Uh. Ho!
Do that dance. Do that Dance
You special girl don't leave me baby
To find another just like you won't be easy baby
So at least I know where the ones at
Baby just promise me if you go that you'll come back
Look I ought to be thankful because for women I have plenty of love
And when it comes to relationships many is stuck
Look at 50 you make love 30 you have sex
Somewhere around the tender age of 20 you fuck
Or maybe before I'm here waiting to score
It's long gone like brother's having a tape in their car
Instead these girls taking it raw
Now they tell you to do whatever you want because it's safe to explore
Forget wait till it's right now wait till it's more 
Wait till he get gets a deal girl wait till the tour
So they dance to attract me advance and attack me
To the point that Drake compare me to Anthony Mackie
But once they have my pants and my khakis
I tell them I'm not one for commitment and romancing exactly
Because I hate waking up undressed with a dame
And guessing her name I hope this shit is destined to change
Because you special girl don't leave me baby
To find another just like you won't be easy baby
So at least I know where the ones at
Baby just promise me if you go that you'll come back
I don't get it it's like my fairy was sick
It's like I meet the perfect girl and she put me through some various shit
It's something that I can rarely predict
All I know is that I can never find the love that Tyler Perry depict
I'm guessing maybe Shemar Moore isn't really all pure
Maybe I lie to myself and it's like a small cure
I tell it all to her
I gotta feeling this feeling inside is something it's like and can't be all sure
Because really What is a window without a car door?
Why I can't settle for one instead of all four?
Mu mind is clouded this shit complex here
Jason tell me I'ma have a baby by next year
Psychic told me I'ma have three kids
I don't want my daughter making a song like Teairra Mari did
So I'ma change yeah this summer is gone
I'm running along before I raise one of my own
Because you special girl don't leave me baby
To find another just like you won't be easy baby
So at least I know where the ones at
Baby just promise me if you go that you'll come back
Believe me baby Stevie baby
D-R-A-K-Eezzy baby
So do that dance do that dance
Go head girl and do that dance uh uh uh uh uh. Uh
Yeah because you special baby
Yeah this the remix right here
Yeah Trendsetters
Drake lyrics
Drake Lyrics
It's Southern Smoke Boy !
Ho Yeah Uh huh
It's Trey Songz and uh D-R-A-K-K-E
Ahahaha the boy of summer are here man
Ayo Track I got something mean for this one boy
Chances Are Most of the day you was lying around
i made money thats why these girls eyeing me down
by nineteen i might seem desitend for millions
promoters on my ass so im guessing they filled
in i take q's from my big boy popz
i 'm the only young dude that the big boys watch
they getting foul on the star
but its all eyes on me like im coppin some vows for the bar
get it guess not picture me not strive
to land in the top ten slip in the top five
same thing in the top four trust im hot boy
maybe even the top three Trey you got me
now a day i peep they intrests
specialy when lifes bringing them pain and lately they been stressed
money making brothers should take notes
see broke niggas is the problem and us is the scape goat
some body get the waiter they need a second plate a
this knowledge if you aint got it you could catch it later
my money then lovers seperate for I commit the date up
i put a split in the middle then i seperater
It aint about the rims on my truck
Aint about the ice on my watch
Aint about teh coop of my truck
Baby its about the Game
Ridin' low
Layed back in the seat when I creep
That's just how I roll
With some fresh nice ones on my feet
That's it goes
And I'm tryin' to find a chick I can meet who ain't about the dough
Cause it ain't all about that no more
It aint about the rims on my truck
Aint about the ice on my watch
Aint about teh coop of my truck
Baby its about the Game
It aint about the shoes that I've got
Aint about my dough or my rocks
Ain't the life I live it don't stop
Baby it's about the game
When you ask why I'm hustlin' in the streets that's just who I be
Yo I live for the dough for the flow for feelin' free
Ain't too many other dudes you can choose to get this luxury
But without it all I'm still about the game
The haters wanna hate but it ain't nothing
Because the ladies choose to love me 
It aint about the rims on my truck
Aint about the ice on my watch
Aint about teh coop of my truck
Baby its about the Game
It aint about the shoes that I've got
Aint about my dough or my rocks
Ain't the life I live it don't stop
Baby it's about the game
Ridin' low
Layed back in the seat when I creep
That's just how I roll
With some fresh nice ones on my feet
That's it goes
And I'm tryin' to find a chick I can meet who ain't about the dough
Cause it ain't all about that no more
The haters wanna hate but it ain't nothing
Because the ladies choose to love me 
It aint about the rims on my truck
Aint about the ice on my watch
Aint about teh coop of my truck
Baby its about the Game
It aint about the shoes that I've got
Aint about my dough or my rocks
Ain't the life I live lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Southern Smoke!!!
This another one from your boy V-O
I'm gon tell the people that we locking this down
This another one from your boy V-O
I'm gon tell the people that we locking this down
I never dreamed that you would be so good to me and I know
I don't deserve All this Love !!
I can't believe that it's just really you and me and I know
I can't contain myself All this Love !!
Girl I've been thinking about the way that you love me every day
And I want to know if You Feel The Same Way!!
Because I'm in and out of town that's just how I got's to get down
But you understand that's why I'm your man!!
I never dreamed that you would be so good to me and I know
I don't deserve All this Love !!
I can't believe that it's just really you and me and I know
I can't contain myself All this Love !!
UH UH UH (UH V-O)
UH UH UH 
YEAH YEAH 
YEAH YEAH 
UH UH UH 
UH UH UH 
YEAH YEAH 
They say he wanted the bounce back
I can make them easily admit that the bounce back
Without knowing exactly where me accounts at
Yeah you best believe
That I often tend to surpass what the rest achieve
So they don't like me
They throw parties and yet they never invite me
I can't lie sometime it bother me slightly
Either way the true fans yell
I appear calm and it's obvious of who can't tell
And no this ain't Blu Cantrell
This is like perfection though we both got the light complexion
Couple things I do damn well
And the way that I Jack son you figure Drake knew Sam. L 
I'm for real though
I'm from Memphis I'm often labeled as Trill so
They stay kicking it with me like a field goal
See I'm humble but I live fame
For more deals on the table than abridge game. Ahh
I never dreamed that you would be so good to me and I know
I don't deserve All this Love !!
I can't believe that it's just really you and me and I know
I can't explain myself All this Love !!
Even when the sun don't shine I know you're my sunshine
And even if the sun outside we can anything baby
I need to feel you next to me You want to feel me next to you
We can do anything you want to do
Tell Me the Next Morn Baby!!!
I never dreamed that you would be so good to me and I know
I don't deserve All this Love !!
I can't believe that it's just really you and me and I know
I can't contain myself lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Niggas in the city hatin' me man they trippin'
When I'm the only one that's really spittin'
My nigga Lil Lee the only one that's really grippin'
Why you deck me up actin' like like we cool if you don't feel him nigga?
Uh I'm bringing back hip hop
Me and my nigga Drake
VA Toronto Hip-Hop
Aiight let me take my jacket off
Unlace the timbs here again comes the jabberjaw
This time I'm blabbin on 
These rappers that feel a certain way but they get me yappin off
Mad cuz the freestyle iller than they whole catalog
I got the gift like Santa Claus
Flow got spring like a catapult
Matter fact the flow Supreme like Diana Ross
I'm at the do' like a deer with the antlers off
Niggas acting like Scummy was they neega
Wouldn't even give my man a 12 bar feature
I know who you are cause he wanted me to eat ya
I said nah lets keep it peaceful
My nigga was a true weed source
He gave it to us for a cheap cost for prices we all could eat off
A real street dog
The type of nigga that y'all niggas be studying learning how to get street off
We have an impostor alert the doctor
Bout to hit him up with the chopper like Blaka
Shock em like Blanca from Street Fighter heat got a
Hurricane kick murder everything quick
Look my new Ryu nine is stupendous
Why do guys choose my crew to pick wit
My crew lie you guys into ditches
I said it and meant it the Scorpio's Mind has many dimensions
I'll say it in intent sentence indent on instant pimpin
Hope your listenin to my diction
If you are then you now should be itchin
That its crack we placed in your stereo system
Yea I be at your burial trippin
Nickelus F from Richmond
VA 
The Scorpio's Mind is not a game to play wit all day
I've been hated by many wanted by plenty
Disliked by some but confronted by none
Since they don't show me sincerity I load up lock up
Take shots at em I guess you could call it a parody
But compared to D
They one-fourth from watermelon to a quarter felon dude you a pear to me
If that's not how it is it ain't how it appear to be
You got blind heaters in my sweats is a mind reader
And when the psychic get to touchin my palm
Seein your physical the things that you never say to me visible
Especially when one of your artist feelin threatened
Cause I'm harnessin a weapon won't you pardon my reflection
Mirror mirror tell me why they wanna get and scrimmage
To play around to perfection I'm the spittin image
My verbal camp is vivid I told you I'm spittin image
It seems we often want to start but never get to finish
My verbal campus is Villanova and those of you feelin Hova
And writing college rhymes but the thrill is over
Let me assist you like a specialist
So you can pull it back and try catch the metaphors and the rest of this
It's not a problem wit X I guess I'm a pessimist
Which means if shit goes bad I say 
And me and Julien we never got the chance to communicate
Instead of understanding its a tune of hate
The city's mine like Oklahoma's a Sooner state
And we're gonna have to cross paths whether soon or late
So why don't you walk up in the spot using less strut
You aint Morris Chestnut you lighter and less cut
And lets be honest by now you should be your own scholar
You still a protege that's the reason I don't holler
You got rappers being repetitive actors
You stay ahead of the game lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Southern Smoke!!!
Yeah. Ren. M.O.F. Haha. 
It's Drake man. It's Drake man.Yeah
Ayo Ren this that gritty shit here man
I'ma half to tell them about I been through on this know what I mean
HO!  Southern Smoke!!!
Very few give you that truth it's either they can't do it with lyrics
Or can't do it in spirit they cancel what they doing
The samples that they using can't get through the clearing
I'll handle it since they just can't get you to hear it
My father's early careering forced my parents to split up
My mother was a teacher my father was kind of fed up
With just being a florist the choir sang his chorus
And he got back into doing what he was doing before us
Because money is an issue your son he gon miss you
And plus you got a wife at home because mommy still exist too
Now you looking for exes you ain't never expect this
You end up doing time and me I end up with a step-sis
Nobody passing judgment or question where the drugs went
You know I hold you down because without you I'd be a wasn't
And mommy I'ma support her I keep it all in order
See her with tears in her eyes or you arrested at the border 
But
I got stress on my shoulders
Trying to keep my heart pure but this world is making it colder
Young black man dodge your bullets trying to get older
And you wonder why we turn to drugs and chain smokers
IT'S STRESS MY NIGGA!!!
I'm just trying to live my life cuz
Make a little money find a bunny
to make my wife cuz BO! BO! BO! BO!
I'm just trying to live my life cuz
Make a little money find a bunny
to make my wife cuz BO! BO! BO! BO!
This is my life and so the rest is kinda been cool question what I been through
I write a verse addressing it and yes I might offend you
Picture when I was in school
Me being the closest thing to black and guess what rap music what I was into
Rest of the kids were sheltered I never liked to fight
But when someone called me a  I'd punch them I couldn't help it
Now I'm grown I can say what it is
It's parents that got these Black and Filipino nannies raising they kids
And your daddy want it very right
I make you happy plus I'm Jewish he don't approve I think he want you to marry white
He want Sinatra at the wedding not Barry White
Because black is black honey even if he's very light
And so I never been for dinner at they places
Always brutally honest and so I pin it to they faces
I live it so the case is whether Drake is
Way ahead of his time or inquisitive and racist
I got stress on my shoulders
Trying to keep my heart pure but this world is making it colder
Young black man dodge your bullets trying to get older
And you wonder why we turn to drugs and chain smokers
IT'S STRESS MY NIGGA!!!
I'm just trying to live my life cuz
Make a little money find a bunny to make my wife cuz BO! BO! BO! BO!
I'm just trying to live my life cuz
Make a little money find a bunny to make my wife cuz BO! BO! BO! BO!
Am I hot as the rest should I strive for my spot as the best
Like girls with Double D's I gotta lot on my chest
There's questions that need to be answered that's not on the test
Instead of staring at quizzes  now it's models with breasts
And yes when I'm dismissed after a tedious listen
I sit at home and say I should of been a pediatrician 
Homie I probably could of been on TV consistent
An artist like Pablo or maybe Petey's assistant 
And my mindset is come and get me
I'm all alone at home with my mom and grandma and ain't nobody running with me
So if you got the heart to come in here and kill a lady daughter and her grandson
Nigga get the handgun
If not you gon make me call the burbs out in Richmond
That have you niggas laying out on the curb they some hitmen
Last couple of months I done probably been
Around the world and back and I don't wanna question half the places Nick been
I got stress on my shoulders 
Trying to keep my heart pure but this world is making it colder 
Young black man dodge your bullets trying to get older 
And you wonder why we turn to drugs and chain smokers 
IT'S STRESS MY NIGGA!!!
I'm just trying to live my life cuz
Make a little money find a bunny
to make my wife cuz BO! BO! BO! BO! 
I'm just trying to live my life cuz 
Make a little money find a bunny
to make my wife cuz BO! BO! BO! lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Sometimes I feel like Lohan and Hilary Duff are the only ones with enough
To feel what I'm about to say in this song
When they want you to be like somebody else and you just want to be yourself
And you do it and get the feeling it's wrong
That there is when all the press articles happening and the cameras get to snapping
And they try to make you out as a lie
Symbolic because you were just trying to please them by using logic and reason
It's a lose lose why even try
When your ideas so frequently get rejected people just get neglected
And they never really know how to feel
Phone calls is something that you're expecting for someone without the ethics 
And the motives to try and make them a mill
You never noticed the fact you might be working without receiving the perks and
Niggas wanna say that you ain't around
I mean there's always some blame to put on yourself instead of claiming
that you couldn't help and maybe next time you ain't in town
You gonna try to try harder cuz
Try harder cuz
Try Try-Try-Try
And the managers make you succumb to pressure and you spitting' is fresher 
than most of these rappers running the game
Concerned that people who copy what's in the past and turn the profit with cash
There's time I would have done it the same
I mean I got me a range"Kick Push " lyrics
Drake Lyrics
"Kick Push "
Uh what up y'all!
Soundtrack what's popping baby?
Y'all ain't know I go by the name of Lupe Fiasco
Representing that first and fifteen
Jyea uh!
And this one right here
I dedicate this one right here
To all my homies out there grinding
You know what I'm saying?
Legally and illegally
Hahaha...
You know what I'm talking about?
So check it out
First got it when he was six
Didn't know any tricks
Matter of fact first time he got on it he slipped
Landed on his hip
And bust his lip
For a week he had to talk with a lisp
Like THISSSSS
Now we can end the story right here
But shorty didn't quit there was something in the air
Yea he said it was something so appealing
He couldn't fight the feeling
Something about it
He knew he couldn't doubt it
Couldn't understand it
Brand it just the first kickflip he land it
Uh labeled a misfit a bandit
Kakunk Kakunk Kakunk!
His neighbors couldn't stand it so
He was banished to the park
Started in the morning wouldn't stop 'til after dark
Yea when they said "It's getting late in here..
...so I'm sorry young man there's no skating here"
And so he kick push kick push kick push kick push coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick push kick push kick push kick push coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast
(Waddup Lupe Chi Town!)
My style is very Tennessee
mixed with some Terry Kennedy
people barley remember me from back in the day
i done got some contacts and threw the glasses away
the time it took me to get cool was a massive delay
but check it gets boring growing up in memphis
trying to become a pro but keep showing up apprentice
mama probably would have done anything to prevent this
cause every single time i break a board it gets expensive
luckly my aunt working as a nurse
so every time i needed something she just reach up in her purse
and plus she'd always give me speeches on the first
if i 'm staying in her house then i need to get some work
i tell her i was there on vacation
she say you need to be doing something other than skating
why don't you go kick it with your uncle in the basement
i ma let him know that your coming honey he's waiting
so now its me and old school
chekka playa playing chess looking through old school wrek a airs
he knew i didn't really wanna post here
open up the window told me that the coast clear
now i coast clear take a deep breath feeling like the popes here
Homie this is Recess east test
life's ever given me a plus graded by a teacher in a sweet dress
yes i'm literly Landel Lewis with a kick and a snare
kick flip in the air
the kids sick till them jeans put a rip in the pair
just so the space ain't restricted in here
breathe again think its obvious that they need my soul
Cousins at the door like ri mi fa so
i say aunty this is a safe career
she said Drake i told you there's no skating here
And so he kick push kick push kick push kick push coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick push kick push kick push kick push coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick... and push... and coast
Before he knew he had a crew
That wasn't no punk
And they spitfire shirts
And SB dunks
They would push 'til they couldn't skate no more
Office building lobbies wasn't safe no more
And it wasn't like they wasn't getting chased no more
Just the freedom was better than breathing they said
Any escape route they used to escape out
When things got crazy
They needed to break out
They head to any place with stairs
Any good grinds
The world was theirs
Uh and their four wheels would take them there
Until the cops came and said 
And so he kick push kick push kick push kick push coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick push kick push kick push kick push lyrics
Drake Lyrics
SHAKE UP THE WORLD
THAT IS WHAT I AM BOUT TO DO
And homie you ain't even on my altitude
I'm tellin you I got enough cloud for two
And like a nxgga turn blood I came out the blue
They like "damn who's drake where's wheel-chair-Jimmy at?"
On my chris brown shxt. I'm still here. gimme dat
I'm cuttin lights out like it's bedtime
These other rappers luke-warm like redwine
The truth hurts so please don't rub it in
I'm not signed yet so I'm still budgetin'
I'm like jeopardy-I'm still buzzin in
Every city that you gotta nephew or a cousin in
 I miss cake these days
I can't even afford a mistake these days
All of my favorite girls miss drake these days
Please don't take offense to my ways
Cause I need drug money
Who got drug money
I am talkin  money
I am talkin  money
And no I ain't emotional but baby I love money
To all these A&R's that's playin stars
Why you gotta act dumb 
Your girl kno how I beat it like a flat drum
I spit dirty like I'm chewin on black gum
I fooled ya'll ain't shxt for me to come back from
Ooooohhh!
Yes!
I'd like to take this opportunity to formally welcome you to this
extravaganza that I call Comeback Season. Hope you enjoy your stay
drinks are on my by the way  yeah
How the fuck jay and dame gon' break up before they meet drake
I'm sure it can be resolved I'm just hopin that they make up
I've perfected my craft using ? 
Tryna make some cheese off a single is a process
GET IT? !
Craft. single. cheese. process
Sit back and admire the talent that I possess
Top notch no less
Oh yes
I'm known in the city but need to bust out like a model to show chest
Cause you deal with agents from check collections
I'm keepin it clean in a little X direction
And babygirl if you don't like me it's probably due to the fact that you are last like next selection
The city is mine I control this
You know this
Cause you are nothing like it and I'm ?  you ?  this
I'm a jamaican doctor The Bay lyrics
Drake Lyrics
I got ice all over my windshield
I can tell it's gon' be a cold winter
I hit the defrost 
I never turn the heat off
And still I'm so chilli willy snowflake
These silly billies really feel to act as if they know Drake
Always gossipin' callin' and textin'
Magneto niggas tryna bring down ex-men/ X-men
Tellin' my ex-girl tryna ex-plain
How I am no good so go with the next man
But dog
You don't know me 
You don't know us
We go by the name of A-T-F
And any previous affiliation
They know to hold they tongue and I spare 'em humiliation
I know you in and out 
Nigga I am not playin'
Just fall back keep on Escape'in and Alize'in
And stop tryna act like you like me and my team
Not us so you knock us
That's precisely what I mean
And dog 
It's forever clear
My money evergreen
My presence required in places you have never been
It's all in a day's work that's what I am on
NBC MTV Viacom
And who's Continental GT is outside
Showin' them how monumental he be?
One wheel one the curb 
Ticket on the dash
It's like e'ry fuckin' summer I just switch it on they ass
And maaan I'm a commodity
None of them as hot as me
The industry standard 
So I am what they gotta be
'Cause Drake's syllables is like Jake Gyllenhaal
Can't help it
I been brainwashed to kill 'em all
I think I should pass my own amendment
You frontin' with glass all in your pen-dant
You ain't livin' rapper you never have been
You a has-been a gas station attendant
Your man is a turkey you wit' a liar
I'm clearin' the air I'm a humidifier
I'm spittin' fire 
And gettin' flyer
And what you plannin' for this summer I did it prior
I've shattered shows 
And tattered clothes
Met status quos
This is the south and I am present when it matters most
The startin's hot but pay attention to my latter flows
Givin' brain ain't bad girl don't be that opposed
I flatter hoes
And drink Dom
They always ask me 
You mean ros©?
Why yes it is
I stopped trying years ago this is effortless
I'm in your house got the key to your home
I am Jeopardy asked Wikipedia known
I am A.A. driven and Expedia flown
So stop jackin' my style
Your in need of ya own lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Yeah I remember me and me and D used to talk about this kind of stuff all the time
Like what it's gonna be like when you get closer to your dreams
I didn't know much then but probably tell you a lil' somethin' now
Mr. Big Dreams no tolerance
Cut you at the house and haven't hollered since
Get bored quickly
He stay grown
So the p-a-tr„n had to get poured quickly
Ex girl strippin'
I can't stop her
New girl trippin' but I can't drop her
'Cause I need somethin' to balance out the fact
That it's hard to find a woman when you' talented and black
When you hollerin' at labels
And they silencing you back
'Cause you fail to thoroughly discuss some violence in ya track
Well
Gunshot for the young yacht owner
See there's everybody else then there's one top loner
First place is often the worst place
But fuck it I love it here I call it my birthplace
Whenever I walk in they makin' the worst face
Surrounded by Fillipinos I think of the worst case
Watch blue and green diamonds I call it the earth face
I'm gettin' ya cake I tell you how ya dessert taste
I get a dessert plate
Y'all eat pedigree as ya meal
I've been Urkel for some years it's better bein' Jaleel
Though I rock lean snap it's better bein' this real
It's better drivin' a car with the letter B in the wheel
Seat back
Light sayin' tank on E
I got the drank on me
You better bank on me
To be the one and only nigga that you ain't gon' see
In the club with a model spillin' drinks on me
Nah
Gimme 20 in the tank on 3
I'm in the Range bumpin' Keyshia Cole
Singin' off-key like 
I'mma spare y'all
Why you wanna judge me
I don't ever compare y'all
The city is mine
I know it because I'm there y'all
It ain't even started I'm really tryna prepare y'all
Spring '07 second quarter I'm droppin'
With or without a label man I'm committed to poppin'
And take over the summer
Tour to tour hoppin'
I'mma meet a lot of women I'mma do a lot of shoppin'
Really no other option
Spend a lot of money just to make it back
Anybody I dissed in a song I don't take it back
Same rappers that's all in ya face sayin' Drake is wack
Are checkin' my availability just to make a track
I promise mama
I'mma do it 'cause I know I put you through it 
And I just want you to sit around with ya friends at a dinner table 
And say  
And it wasn't nothin' tooo it
I've drawn it and drew it 'til the pen was out of fluid
The ballpoint run out
Then all joints come out classic
Rappers are fake we can all point one out
Yeah
I'd like to introduce you to the first lady of the ATF 
Miss Andreena Mill
Closer to my dreams I'm gettin' higher
Yeah I feel it in my sleep
I said I'm gettin' higher
Yeah
And closer to my dreams
Whoa
Sometimes it feels like I'll never move on
Closer to my dreams
Look
I took a plane to Hawaii with D
And we was trippin' off of the speed at which life progressed
From meetin' Trey in Atlanta to doin' a cameo in his video 
Which made everything right with X 
I got too many records and not enough shows
For too many rappers and not enough __
Well
You can fill the blank in
They tryna be the best
Just tryna place in the rankin'
Day care play pen drop out
To grade ten drop out
To summer '05 with the grey Benz drop out
Charcoal Charger
Racin' through back streets
On my  shit the 
Shola Ama
I told her I'mma
'Bout to get my run on so hold the commas
Times've changed now I'm older mama
And these niggas ain't solid they fold in drama
And that's the realest shit I ever wrote
A compilation of mental thoughts that I never note
And hi haters
I'm back off of hiatus
How ya album doin'?
I'm gettin' cake off of my latest
Anticipated like the iPhone
Respected in any city that I roam
Summertime
Wintertime
Dinnertime
Anytime
Bet I am the nigga in my town when I arrive
Home
Yeah one more time 'fore we turn the lights out ladies and gentleman
 lights 'bout to go down curtains 'bout to close but
I want y'all to enjoy yourself on the way out lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement
Lat me show what it is
I was born up top but was raised at the bottom of the map
Where the girls all thick and the hottest niggas rap
if you lookin for the goods then we got in the trap like
Ooo wee
Took 'em from white snakes to
Ooo wee
This metaphore might sound a little confusing but
Yall don't really even know me yeah yeah
I done come all way from the Days Inn and all the hotels that stayed in
I took my lifestyle from mediocre to good and now I say it's sittin at amazing'
Girls tryin sell a whole lobby of us 
Hear em all screamin then it's probably is
But I can't blame females females can't really ignore something this obvious
What you really expect when I strut through town
Two or three days I shut you down
Chilin wit the homie Trey Songz
You call him the prince he rep two up two down
Anyone I know get used to me
Im far from the man that I used to be 
I don't ever really kick game
I know you find it impressing whenever you introduced to me
'Cause I'm a good dude who take pride in that
Need good lovin' I'm providing that
Understand that I'm worldwide
You get who you want it wherever you be residing at
'Cause I do things from the M-town
To the UK
From Spain back out to Texas
This album's for my fans
But yo this hook is for my exes
This one is for you girl
You know who you are girl
You only show you're face
'Cause you know that I'm a star girl
What you trying to to make it
Don't ever mistake it
'Cause my time is limited and I ain't trying to waste it all on you 
You had a chance now It's gone
Oooooh
You had a man now you don't 
Back to the basics
I think I made it
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement girl
Ain't ya never seen a yougin so fly
Lookin for someone your type
I done left behind the love of my life
Tryin to find another one tonight
And if it's you baby
Let yourself be seen
Don matter skirts
Dresses or jeans
I got that work
Know what I mean
And I'm flexing on my ex if you know what mean
Check this out
from the that she get picked for some take out
Until they slip up and break out
But it's another story over here at Drake's house
'Cause I'm dripped up and I'm drapped out
And I'm lean back
Scoping
Looking for a woman that I should wife
Who got just the right amount of loyalty
Yeah but is still anticipating us living the good life
We go LA VA
NY TO
Sunshine in that heat stroke
And them fur hoods in that deep snow
We have breakfast in the bedroom
Break bread downstairs in the basement
Since Jay and Kelz ain't doing the thing no more
Guess me and the boy Songz is the replacement
Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay
Ay Ay lyrics
Drake Lyrics
This the record that my backpack underground fans get to get to skippin
Back back Southern town fans get to tippin
Chasin fat stacks runnin down grands and submission
I don't back track every single sound for me different
I don't own no ice just got clean rap
Don't ever two step I just rock lean snap
We could take it out to Houston where the rides all glossed up
Anybody I'm standin beside's all bossed up
Burgular ? they say I'm servin them rhymers
And me and Nickel F go together like burgers and diners yes
I'm like a waiter and you something like a hater
With trays in both hands place an order I can cater uh
I got the diamonds in my teeth flow
Memphis is the reason that my rhyming and my *chopped voice* speech slow
Peep though I only got pity for you lames
Sitting pretty in the game in the city that I claim
Yo the city is mine 
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up range rove yo chick wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna 
Shake shake it drop it drop it bounce it bounce it wop it wop it
Girl move that thang like you gettin money for college go!
Shake shake it drop it drop it bounce it bounce it wop it wop it
Girl move that thang like you gettin money for college go!
Break it down like you working for your tuition at Howard
Mama get it how you live that thang that you working is power
Tryna be generous so honey here's a tip
Now-a-days it's gettin cheaper to put 20's on the whip
So if you a opportunist look for 20's in the clip
And if you find 'em attractive and funny that's when you dip dip
And it's a trip my city broke into sections
Up North I got me a couple of troubles couple connections
And it's nothing that I created on purpose there's people that gotta problem
But they scared to let it surface uh
Ya boy say this that and the third to 'em
See me out and they never utter a word to 'em
Expect me not to draw a card from the deck
Anybody in my city going hard I respect but
You gotta debt and you choose not to pay that
Imma hop ya fence come into your yard and collect lect uh
It ain't a problem of concern bruh I always end up with exactly what I earn bruh
This ain't last year money like a cashier so hand your receipt if you tryna make a return bruh
Yessir I live in a city where a lot of people don't get shine shine
And I be on by the fence as soon as anybody stepping out of line line
And I got way too much love for the city I can never get too much of
And if anybody hatin on me I deport 'em the city is mine boy
Yo the city is mine 
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up range rove yo chick wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna 
Shake shake it drop it drop it bounce it bounce it wop it wop it
Girl move that thang like you gettin money for college go!
Shake shake it drop it drop it bounce it bounce it wop it wop it
Girl move that thang like you gettin money for college go!
Break it down break it break it down
Break it down break it break it down
Break it down break it break it down
Break it down lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Yeah Look
It's what you all been waiting for ain't it?
Your weekly entertainment
For me to get a hold of this beat
And go ahead claim it
I'm about to paint a picture
You niggas go 'head frame it
'cause we getting Seinfeld
On some Jerry and Elaine shit
I flow far from mediocre
And if we talking cards
I will fold 'em with the poker
You and your whole crew are like a deck of 54
So it's obvious y'all gon' steady be rollin' wit' some jokers 
And me I'm rolling with some brokers
Like damn could you niggas get any broker
Got my new girl so content
Just save yourself the embarrassment
Don't even approach her
Disguise yourself go buy a costume
I am making stocks work while you working stock room 
And I was praying I would drop June but label reps applying pressure to make them pop tunes
So I keep it rockin' for Pete's sake
You fake gangsta rappers are clichÈ
And if you ain't talking dough when you meet Drake
I be in your face like 
Soon as you hear it you quote it
They tryna be the one that I done left out the show with
But trust me I'm aware and my car's right there
Is this interior enough for your ulterior motives
'Cause if you like it you should stick with me
My money good I ain't ever had to flip a key
A lot of ice a lot of cream like Dicky D
Might cut the phone and disappear like Mishy me
But I'm tryna have you on that trip with me
Sliding through Henri Bendel like it's slippery
And your ex-man is a hater officially
Probably 'cause he know I'm exactly what you wish he'd be
Yeah that's the reason why he looking hard
'Cause I done snatched the Chips Ahoy out his cookie jar
He just mad 'cause his girl at the house with her tongue sticking out like a Michael Jordan rookie card
Let me address this pardon me while I fix
Couple subliminal lines caught me in the mix
I guess he thought he could've been Gotti in the flicks
But at this point I'm just poking her body with a stick
Nowadays rapping is a children's hobby
And girl's keep telling me I'm still as snobby
I tell 'em myself who I am feeling probably
Just because I got a buzz like a building lobby
It ain't a song that your ass finna skip
I tried to sell weed give me cash for the zip
The way your girlfriend pumped me up in the car
Seems like she don't really need no gas for the trip
Millionaire shades fade with waves I smirk at a nigga if he still rockin' braids
That just lets me know that we ain't on the same page and that goes out to every nigga except Trey
Ay I'm outta here baby
They asked me about the past years and how does it phase me
I wouldn't take it back nah not if you paid me
Mister bet you that's expensive cause it's not a Fugayze
Spittin' that crock pot of bottomless gravy
The shit is so nasty how is it tasting
And you can probably find him walking out of a Macy's
Forget a girl they just thinking how to replace me
Exit with a joke leave these niggas some hope
He took that
'Ye beat and you put that shit in a choke
well I think that I should leave out on this note nigga keep your two cents
I ain't tryna leave you broke
Life of a Don lights keep glowing
coming in the club with that fresh shit on with something crazy in my arm 
and here's another hit lyrics
Drake Lyrics
I'on think they really ready for my wardrobe
I show up right before the store close
And blow the fee from my last four shows
I do one song and use four flows
She use to be a Christian before...
But now all she wanna do is shop for Christian Dior clothes
Like baby those are cute I adore those
Me and the salesman build a rapport so
He understands tha fact that I'm spending off shore dough
Cash only transactions homie
And please no receipts the feds like to explore those
They can't audit if they don't know I bought it
I been doin' this for years homie thoroughly I've thought it
Through what it do I am currently recorded on a track admitting most of my currency's imported
We're too late now too legitimate to hit 'em with
Lawsuits even if they're crimes that I did commit
Repeat offender Anita Baker playin' in the whip as they pull me over my sweet surrender
I got a Jewish lawyer as my lead defender
A mitchkeit as they say he's a legal bender
And ATF is present every legal memeber
The coalition we so efficient
You have to be invited or there's no admission
We know tradition
We spend money so don't try to compete if you're in no position
I wish you would listen
I take you back to this trial
Where I am about to be home again like New Edition
My foot is just solely meant for this shoe it fits in
Used to record in a basement that Rennie Grew was piffin'
When pops turned over keys like a new ignition
If Hov is Jordan I guess I'm cool with Pippen
'til I mention that I wanna play a new position
No team playin' no screen settin'
Because I wanna win games coach I'm through assistin'
The take over the break's over nigga
And I'm a keep killin' em until the day that Drake's over
The wait's over the tape's coming
They bullshittin' but I am equipped with great plumbing
The human mentality's so eager to hate something
I try to play it off like it ain't jumpin'
And this the predicament that you found Drake in
The condo that I just purchased sound vacant
'cause I have just been sittin' in this cell
Thinkin' what I coulda done to make my first video ground breaking
And whenever I'm flowing on the mic
Aside from talkin' 'bout the d I'm throwin' in ya' wife
I treat this one session as if it was my last
And I pretend tomorrow is the day I'm going in for life lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Take what you want take what you wa-ah-aha-ant 
Take what you want take what you want
But lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Check look
And I ain't tryna get to know nobody but you
Do me a favor tell me what's happenin'
I am drinkin' XO D is sippin' some Appleton
Usually the things I desire I always apprehend
Back again return of the mack again
'Deceiving' was cool I'll never record the track again
Even though my ex is fuckin' one of my rapper friends
I don't wanna seem like I am always attacking them verbally
You can stop frontin' I know you heard of me
Babygirl ya ya ya heard of me
Little me
Pay attention I guarantee you it'll be
One of the best decisions you've made
I'm sonnin'/sunnin' them all I live in the shade
Previously mischievous behaviour was the leader of me
You could say I was fresh to some conceited degree
Steppin' out the house tryna figure out where cameras from Cheaters would be
But now I need a culprit
I am talkin Long Sands Beach condo adult shit
I am talkin' all day shoppin' sprees in the mall with
Friends that I ball with
Hear me Trey's girl go and get you some Fall shit
Sweetie I am a track's demise
I will kill this song 'til it actually dies
With a military jacket and some packed supplies
I won't say I'm the best 'til the stats arrive
And all these a-list parties you fraternize
Where you can't wear hats inside it's only slacks and ties
Bu you don't never act surprised
You just hold it down for your boy 'til the plaques arrive
And girl I used to blow a couple thousand at the shake joint
Now it cost a couple thousand for a Drake joint
I gave up a lot to make a progress
I give it to you and you take it the best
When I give ya what I give ya
When I give ya what I give ya
It ain't a women in the world that can doubt that 
I need a women not a girl 'cause I'm bout that 
And when I give ya what I give ya
When I give ya what I give ya
It ain't a women in the world that can doubt that 
I need a women not a girl 'cause I'm bout that 
And when I give ya what I give ya
(It's The Prince look here)
Yup it's me again Songz with a 'z' again
Canadian visitor lady exhibitor
Play me I'll visit ya
Lay you in critical condition
So don't get it twisted nigga
But back to the pimpin' nigga
Intercontinental you can catch me laid up
Somethin' with a fly face slim waist lyrics
Drake Lyrics
(feat. Little Brother Dwele)
Don't you have a man? 
Why are you trying to be my girl?
I can't believe it
Don't you have a man? 
It's alllll-right with me my girl
We can do anything
Why you over there lookin at me?
Why your man stand-in right beside ya?
The temporary happiness he might provide ya
but you know and I know that nobody gon do ya like me
Tryna say you like a goalie in line of sight
I know that I feel a bit slowly I'm kinda like
and so she want this chef stick like Napoleon Dynamite
Well I'ma give it to you honeybunches
You feel it all under ya ribs like some tummy crunches
All my other girls all up on that subtle shit
They don't wanna cut it they wanna wrap it and cuddle with
Consequences keep weighin me down
So whenever she thinks I'm serious I'm playin around
It gets deeper and cold-ER the funny thing is
I'm writin this in my head and she asleep on my shoulder like...
Look...we had a lil' thing a wintertime fling
You some  for your man mistreat thing
But that was then you know some hush-hush
I ain't never really see a future in us
Plus your man still there let's be fair
You'll do the same things to me
My feelings never did go past some late night smash
I'on't wanna take the place of he!
Late night's 85 South on my way to the crib
and somebody got a song for me
I already know what you about cause I been the other man
and you NOT gonna trap me witcha silly lil plan
It's my bad shoulda chose a wo-man
but I'm in the mix with this lil' girl playin
I'm sayin you need to do what you do
I'm NOT tryna take it any further with you C'MON
Uh...uh...I met her at the bar sippin on Patron
And now it's been three years off and on
Cause the same page we are rarely off and on
Cause when I'm in she out and when she in I'm gone 
We lost contact like ? shalom
But regained it while she was buildin her house a home
wit this new cat sayin that he doin her right
It just proves that she don't know what to do wit her life
Cause if so she wouldn't have to change her strategy
And wouldn't need me to recharge her batteries
One minute she mad at me next minute it's all good
and I'm in her body like Grey's Anatomy
I don't understand why God sent me to you
And I cain't try to justify that foul shit we do 
All I know is that each time I'm stickin you
I think to myself "Damn if only her nigga knew" what?
 yeah..
Don't you have a man? 
Why are you trying to be my girl?
I can't believe it
Don't you have a man? 
It's alllll-right with me my girl
We can do anything lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Aww man
Ho! Yes!
Hahaha
Yea... Can ya'll hear me out there
It's a lovely night tonight ain't it
Yea I know
I know what they thinkin they lyrics
Drake Lyrics
(feat. Andreena Mill Kardinal Offishall)
I gotta make it out or move quickly
Can't allow the past to restrict me
Bet this time around they won't skip me
I am the last hope
Don't hesitate not even for a second
The hustle has become an obsession
I'm on the front lines with my weapon
I am the last hope
Can you i-magine the last breath of Christ?
The last breath of Christopher Wallace on that faithful night
The last step that Martin Luther took as a man
I got the power of my world in my hand
The microphone brings life and death in the blink of an eye
I was born to provoke those born to die
I was conceived to beat all odds like Las Vegas
T-dot motherfucker watch the world rape us
Greatest strugglers hustle to succeed
Cross border smugglers tussle to burn weed
It means that pressure of success in the south
Niggas watchin' what I say magnifying my mouth
I never take back talk I apply the force
Hand blistering from many years of holdin' the torch
When the skin rebuilds it grows tougher than leather
So we can keep on holdin' it forever
My names Kardinall
Jealousy's suttin I haven't felt for years
There's nobody around for me to be jealous of
I bet you do a show in my city and no one cheers
Even if you make the music that ladies and fellas love and dove
I'm incredible fuckin' unforgettable
And when it comes to records 
I will eat it if it's edible
They say the futures always foreseen
That's why I'm steady getting more money lyrics
Drake Lyrics
I swear to Lord same dudes use to laugh at me
See me in the CL6 with half a bead
They know that money begets money so naturally
Me I have to blow a couple stacks hassle free
I'm like fuck ya'll haters on behalf of me
Cause I could flood the city with a staff of three
I'm talkin me and two partners in that caprice
With no copies made I got the master keys
And fast cars fast women fast cash and c.r.e.a.m
Commode you rappers like plasticine
I have the dream but dawg me and success are two things you don't wanna find yo ass between
Back against the wall like plasma screens
The inside of my wallet is pastured green
And you are now hangin with the asthma team
Sweetie catch your breath while I smash the scene
I should leave earth nothin left to do here
Everyday is Christmas and every night is New Years
Say whatever I never been concerned about who hears
Call my town Sparta and I'm comin with two spears
I'm tellin you dawg always got the spring collection in fall
I run my bill up makin executive calls
And with me women be bulidin these skeptical walls
But once you've slept with one dime man you've slept with 'em all
Family money and music is all I ever knew
My necklace suffer from depression it's forever blue
Cheer up baby you don't see all this revenue?
I started the game at level two
I'm sayin stop actin like teen girls are my only market
I parallel to fly and spurk Tony Barket
And it's cool if you spill something it's only carpet
That's why I get my interior color only dark shit
Toronto's where you livin today then you ain't makin records that people are driven to play
I would advise you to really make a move sooner than later
Cause these are only the joints that I'm givin away lyrics
Drake Lyrics
I do this for ya'll man
Malice Nickelus F it's the REMIX!
Lights slow motion steppin' out the Phantom
All eyes on me peekin' and glancin'
Leanin' on the wall with b-boys dancin'
Ears neck and wrists lookin' like the king's ransom
One chick each arm makin' it a tandem
Flat here costing' like fifty grand standard
Bottles poppin' cars wit' options
We livin' like kings homie you just watchin'
And I'm a show for ya marble flo' for ya
And that thing in the driveway came with the spoiler
I ain't bluffin' cop jewels off the Russian
Diamonds in the Jesus look like he's blushin'
Miami breezes we cross seasons
Escaped indictments thank you Jesus
Y'all haters ain't even got a clue
While we get this paper and that's how we do
R-E U-P G-A-N-G
R-E U-P G-A-N-G
Stance on lean leg up on the wall
My people they chill why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh do what you do what you I do what I do
Do's what you do I do what I do
Stance on lean leg up on the wall
My people they chill why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh do what you do what you I do what I do
Do's what you do I do what I do
Check the verses I'm writing you might wanna learn it
You hatin my song but your wife wanna burn it
So now you at the store for some blank CDs
You can't see me for your sake might wanna return it
Cause if you bring them discs home to ya girl she'll forget you
and I'll be the only one she concerned with
To the people that ignored me before this
This one is for you as a song re-recorded
Funny thing is you just notice me now but I was here along
your vision's just been distorted
I'm so  I live this you ask me what the business
and I write a sixteen and record it uh
The waiting is over I think music need it
Drake cuttin his records without gettin weeded
People in the South want it chopped and screwed I got this dude
they expectations Imma exceed it uh
Like a singer with only backgrounds ya'll record it
When it's done ya lyrics tend to mislead ish
Finally here Imma star with the timing
My swagger is chill and my flow is reclining
This for anybody that's searchin for cash and purchasing fast
you only get the dough when you grindin
And so I grind like I'm listening to I Wayne
MY pain you can experience through the rhyming boy!
Stance on lean leg up on the wall
My people they chill why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh do what you do what you I do what I do
Do's what you do I do what I do
Stance on lean leg up on the wall
My people they chill why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh do what you do what you I do what I do
Do's what you do I do what I do
Stance on lean leg up on the wall
My people they chill why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh do what you do what you I do what I do
Do's what you do I do what I do
Stance on lean leg up on the wall
My people they chill why you haters wanna ball
I'm satisfied with a little why you haters want it all
You waiting for the Spring and I'm gettin it in the fall
But uh do what you do what you I do what I do
Do's what you do lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Yeah look...
Me and sos? we from two different walks of life
usually we understand theres a problem we don't talk to vice
the watch is yellowy-green thas sum awkward ice
I never signed for a mill' but been offered twice
I'm awful nice lyrics that I often write
Spyin no talent rappers to get off the mic
And I could pick you up from work when you get off the night
drop you at the house soon as you get off the pike man
I flow so cool like autumn nights
When I body this tell me if the coffin's light
but don't try and tell me that a dolphins white
mislead drake that is not at all polite
It's a shame cause that's how the biz goes
Imagine if these other niggas flop and his blows
Bet I get a co-sign somethin like no time
They'll be trynna sub a nigga in like Quizno's
All I need is sum weight my scale sum money for bail
A lil booth at the club for the whole cartel
nigga my drink my smoke a bird on E
And somethin heavy on my waist man I'm easy to please
I need my moms my pa a bottle of cliqua
the whole ATF you kno who we are..
my women my money lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Yeah 9th Wonder! Don't judge me man
They tend to say that us rappers are materialistic
They say we lack substance
Me 'Te and El' bout to prove 'em wrong though
Uh we know what you're thinking love
You think we out smoking and drinking love
Pushing big whips chains clinking love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me
We know how you speculate
Thinking we gon' hit your friend if you object to date
Claim we're early and be showing up extra late love
But y'all don't really know me like you think you know me
Uh El' be saying that I'm humble I'm hella nice
For that I've been approached to sign to Roc-A-Fella twice
Haters tell you all the rumors they heard
And we laugh soon as you come and tell me like I'm Ellen Brice
My groove theory is that when you too cheery
They try to bring you down to the level they at
Well when they are all unhappy then it gets a little sticky
That's why I am Little Nicky to these devils in rap
But uh they ain't thinking Drake get smart girl
Nah they probably think I'll break your heart girl
Haha I can't lie you probably right about it
And if you give me the ass quick I'll probably write about it
But I hate it when they judge me on how I sound
I mean I spit that influential shit from my town
I don't know why you sitting on the couch
When you see I got a bed bring your ass here and lie down
You think taking your purse off
Will lead to me you taking shirts off and then your skirt off
At least I got status because I could've been a local emcee
And you probably would've been worse off
So I'm a take this hat off and I'm a hit it till I backs off
And then I'm back sorrowful
Cause you thinking you can predict what happen
You the reason I'm thinking I'm getting sick of rapping
You probably think I walk around with my gun tucked and
Swang dick to these hoes like nunchucks
Well you can think what you want but
I think you've been watching too much BET: Uncut
You need to get real and check out my real life
I ain't a tip-trail don't care what it smell like
But if you feel like putting all your notions aside
And talking to a real nigga I'd gladly oblige
First name Phonte I'd be pleased to date ya
College educated got degrees in papers
But I'm from the South where if you ain't snapping
Or rapping bout trapping youse a freak of nature
Such an anomaly speak so well
And talk so collegy such an astonishing
Contrast to all the bullshit you've been following
On behalf of them I offer my apologies
Maybe with me you'll unlearn
Putting all niggas in a box of concerns
Me cause I ain't dumb shit I'm well reared/red like sunburn
And after me you'll never leave no stone unturned uh c'mon
They say you never judge a book by it's cover
Though you appear as materialistic lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Me and you so crucial baby and that champagne so fuchsia baby
I do things that you ain't used to baby
And take you back home to St. Lucia baby
When raindrops hit the tin roof it's crazy
That's a metaphor did I lose you baby?
When you are wet
And covered in sweat
I wipe your ass down like Boosie baby
I love all my feed back
Tell me to give it to you if you need that
Touch right there whatever the speed's at
If it's over fast then I promise you a relapse
Forget what you guessin' I'm on
And who was in yo past
I'm a freshly grown
Just charge that cell that I message you on
And if you let us girl I'm a bring the dresser along
You hear that professional tone?
Half of that's ice and the rest PatrÛn
Show up on time for the class I'm teachin
'Cause guaranteed I'm a bring a lesson along
An you just gotta bring yo breasts along
Instead of holding out wondering what it could've been
I confess this address to you and
I'm the postman lookin for a slot I can put it in
With no NY number
Mom's still upstairs I'm two floors under
But my room's soundproof
You so tempted
To satisfy your urge so you don't wonder 
I know I told you before
I'll grab that for you like holdin' the door
'Cause mines is Polo and yours is Vicky
And they just spread all over the floor lyrics
Drake Lyrics
I can't stop missing you wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you wish I was still with you
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
Nah
I never needed advice about
All the things you liked to do when it was lights out
I drove nice cars
I got a nice house
But now I'm steady missing you like a strikeout
I always wished I would of cared more
That's my only feeling inside when ever I get a song done
I'm scared that every girl I care for
Will find a better man and end up happier in the long run
Ya and when she not by my side
And I hear that she gone
Now it's like a shock to my pride
I don't care if she know
Cause that's basically just a male ego
Speaking aloud to some real people
But you can bounce back
Go ladies
More records more sex more babies
Yeah wanna grant one of my wishes
Tired missing you I'm tryna make you a misses
I miss the way you kiss
I miss the way wear them heels and make it switch
Miss the way ya hair blows in the wind
And I miss you staying here till the morning
Miss the way you put on your makeup
Miss the way you love me too much
It's everything about you baby
Wanna know where you been lately
Do you go out do you still live at your old house
Do you got somebody new in your life
Cause I can't get you outta my mind
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't
I can't stop missing you  wish I was still with you 
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you  wish I was still with you 
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop
Missin everything you say
Missin all the crazy love we made
Why'd you throw it all away
I want you to know it's been hell tryna do this with out you here
Baby 07' supposed to be our year
You confront my worst fears
And I had my doubts every time you was going out
Cause I knew you were tellin' me lies
And I can't get that outta my mind
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face
In every girl I try to replace
You with why can't I get over it
Simply cause I can't
I can't stop missing you  wish I was still with you 
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you  wish I was still with you 
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
Wish I Could wake up and forget about you
Not tryin to call you when I know I want to
(O wish I) I gotta fight this feeling can't let it take over me
You just don't understand how much you were apart of me
I can't stop missing you  wish I was still with you 
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you  wish I was still with you 
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you  wish I was still with you 
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you  wish I was still with you 
I can't stop missing you NO NO NO NO
I can't stop missing you
I can't stop missing you
 I can't stop missing you
 I can't stop missing you
No No No No
I can't stop lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Damn!
I done walked in here
Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year
Think I had the mothafuckin' plan of the year
Which was simply to make groupie fans of my peers
And I get my girl whatever she desire
And my niggas get whatever they require
These rappers old I'm the reason they expire
Plus I got a city that I Carey like Mariah
Damn!
That punch line was predictable
I still got you shittin' bricks homie quit the bull
And we don't need new members
To me the clique is full
And I be getting' the same women that tip the pool
Believe or not
I receive a lot
So I be wearing the same Gucci that Jeezy got
And I be buyin' the Louie that Kanyizzy cop
And I be rippin' the same reords that Weezy rock
This shit is east pot
That's why I'm ready man
I'd never copy Norbit like eddie man
Did you get it? Eddie Murphy was in Norbit
Or was it way over your head?
Did you forfeit?
Yeah I take a woman shopping in a store quick
Her ass big she just tryin' to make a four fit
Yeah they need ot issue out a recall
I'm goin' up and they headin' into a freefall
The fundamental are needed you playin' street
And I was out at BET but I didn't see ya'll
These skee-low rappers wishing they could be tall
Lettin' all their fake friends use them like a free stall
Yep!
Damn!
I done walked in here
Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year
My shades so dark
And my ice so bright
My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right
Like round one round two round three
I told you not to ever bring a bitch 'round me
'Cause ain't no nigga like a young money nigga
No ain't no nigga like me
Ya dig?
I said I know you see me chillin'
Super low key
If I'm with the right niggas you can scoop a O.Z.
All the hustlers and the bouncers
And the groupies know me
Fresh denim fresh shades
In a group with no kids
It start up when I touch the door
And I encourage ladies to touch the floor
As soon as we finish cuttin' we can cut some more
Then after you get high make 'em get 'em girl you finna get low
Lights dimmed down
Got alota dough
Plus a hit sound
What you mean you ain't heard?
I come highly recommended
Everybody my friend even if they been offended
They ain't really got a choice it's an obvious decision
You tryna make a come up in my city it's a given
Plus a nigga famous
Plus I got a vision
Not to mention havin' bars like a mothafuckin' prison
They takin' too long
Their records on hold
They threatened by my presence
'Cause I make them feel old
Guaranteed if they drop they braggin' 'bout what they sold
Just remember where I lived at 50 000's goin' gold
Holla at me when you see me make yourself known
'Stead of hatin' on my music in the comfort of your home
Nigga be a man
You actin' like a bitch
I ain't actin' like I'm rude
I'm just actin' like I'm rich rich
Yeah uh!
Ridin' with Weezy Fuckin' Baby
Are you the type of girl that me and Weezy fuckin' baby?
'Cause I don't waste time can't yo see a nigga lazy?
And I might need some help
But you know Weezy's fuckin' crazy
Damn!
I done walked in here
Lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year
My shades so dark
And my ice so bright
My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right
Like round one round two round three
I told you not to ever bring a bitch 'round me
'Cause ain't no nigga like a young money nigga
No ain't no nigga like me
Ya dig?
Y.M. bitch!
Everybody!
Two time on Sunday!
Spit 'em!
Check ya blinkers baby!
Check ya blinkers baby!
'Cause to me look like you've been turning right all day! Yeah!
Right my way! Ha ha!
I got a boulevard baby!
That's right!
Cash Avenue!
Wall Street gangsta!
Carter ya'll! Heh heh!
Why would I lie?
Yeah!
I ain't rich bitch I'm wealthy!
Young! I talk shit 'til I die!
Come kill me nigga!
Fuck you!
No homo!
She like it! Heh ha ha!
Yeah!
Boy these mothafuckin' glasses I got on right now are so mothafuckin' cold!
I'm feelin' like...
Damn!
I done walked in here
Straight up lookin' like the mothafuckin' man of the year
My shades so dark
And my ice so bright
My buddies and my fans wanna fight your right
Like round one round two round three
I told you not to ever bring a bitch 'round me
'Cause lyrics
Drake Lyrics
I'm tryin to do it all tonight I got plans
I got a certain lust for life and as it stands
Everything is going as right as it can
They tryin to shoot down my flight before it lands... before it lands
But you can miss me with all that
Diss me then crawl back
I really wish ya'll would fall back
But gettin rich suppose to solve that
And these days women make offers and who the hell am I to say (no no no)
My ex sendin late night text cause she don't know how to let (go go go)
She in love
And as for them pretty light skinned models standin in the cold aw yea they with us
Let them girls in for a drink
And I'm all in they ear
Saying she should be the one I see everytime that I'm here
But when I'm not really even here
Black surburban with the tint on it
Fresher than a pillow with a mint on it
The game got these old hand prints on it
But I'm a be the one to pour cement on it
Uh lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Hey there pretty girl
You know exactly what you got and I don't blame you at all...
You can't resist it...
Especially when the lights so bright and the money so right
And it's comin in every single night
She don't wanna leaveeeeeeeee
She just stuck in...
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlanta... she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
And she dance... to this song... and she dance to this song... and it goes
Hey now now watch her go down ooooooo
She doesnt ever worry if she wants it she'll get it on her own
She knows there's more to life and shes scared of ending up alone
Throw your 1's up in the air
Throw your 1's up in the air for her
Throw your 1's up in the air
'Cause the ones you throw will get her out of
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlanta... she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
And she dance... to this song... and she dance to this song... and it goes
Hey now now watch her go down oooooo
We all got dreams and we all star reaching all star peaking all-star weekend...
One hotel room and all ya'll sleeping housekeeping knock to see if all ya'll decent
Young girls envy the life ya'll leading never satisfied with a nice calm evening
You be at the games looking right all season
But you always with me on the night ya'll leaving
Ass low ass low I always request you
You go get fucked up and we just show up at your rescue
Carry you inside get you some water and undress you
I give you my all and the next morning you'll forget:
Who or Why or How or When
Tonight is probably about to happen all over again
And she live in a mindset that I could never move to
Until you find yourself it's impossible to lose you
Uh... because I never had you...
Although I would be glad to...
I probably go and tattoo... your name on my heart
I swear
I start
To think
That I'm going crazy
Throw your 1'ss up in the air
Throw your 1's up in the air for her
Throw your 1's up in the air
'Cause the 1's you throw will get her out of:
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlanta... she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
And she dance... to this song... and she dance to this song... and it goes
Hey now now watch her go down lyrics
Drake Lyrics
(feat. Trey Songz Lil Wayne)
I want the money
Money and the cars
Cars and the clothes
The hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
Drizzy
Oh yeah Trey I fucking feel you
They be staring at the money like it's unfamiliar
I get it
I live it
To me there's nothings realer
Just enough to solve your problems
Too much would kill ya
And when I leave
I always come right back here
The young spitter that everybody in rap fear
A lot of you all still sounding like last year
The game needs change and I'm the motherfucking cashier
Nickels for my thoughts
Dimes in my bed
Quarters of the kush
Shape the lines in my head
Take my verses too serious ya hate me
Cause I'm the one to paint a vivid picture no HD
Yeah
I want it all
That's why I strive for it
Diss me and you'll never hear a reply for it
Any awards show or party I'll get fly for it
I know what's coming I just hope I'm alive for it.
I want the money
Money and the cars
Cars and the clothes
The hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
Yeah
I want things to go my way
But as of late a lot of shit been going sideways
And my mother tried to runaway from home
But I left somethin in the car so I caught her in the driveway
And she cried to me so I cried too
And my stomach was soaking wet
She only 5'2
And 48 hours all before I showed up
And brought a thousand dollars worth of drinks and got poured up
Damn my reality just set in
And even when the phantoms leased them hoes wanna get in
I do a lot of things
Hoping I never have to fit in
So trying to keep up with my progress is like a dead end
My girl love me but fuck it my heart beat slow
And right now the tour bus is lookin like a freak show
And life change for us every single week
So it's good
But I know this ain't the peak though
Cause I want...
I want the money
Money and the cars
Cars and the clothes
The hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
Wise words from a decent man
Back when I was trying to put a ring on Alicia hand
This lost boy got fly without peter pan
And my delivery just got me buzzing like the pizza man
In person I am everything and more
I'm everywhere these other niggas never been before
But inside I'm treading waters steady trying to swim ashore
I'm on a shoppin spree to get whatever is in store
Just call me shop and bag drizzy
And call me Mr.damn he ain't coping that is he?
And fans of these freshman is about to get iffy
While this youngin that you doubting is about to get busy
I'm a kill it I promise this I know you mad
I've always treated my city like some shoulder pads
To big homie use a flash if you must
And I swear I ain't asking for much
All I want is
I want the money
Money and the cars
Cars and the clothes
The hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
It's like I know what I got to say
I just don't know how to say it to you
Pardon the swag
But bitches cartate
Long bread I don't eat shortcake
How come I can't
Miss a woman like I can't miss court dates
Cheese
But shes not in this portrait
Life's fine but I don not portray
I'm on the other side but it is a short gate
I don't want the glow
I want the glow ray
And I'm a fuck the world
But this is just foreplay
Tired of hearing bullshit
Bring her on to cowshit
Haven't met a smell that's stinkier than our shit
That's word to toronto
So high up I got birds in the condo
Ain't that a female dog
Ask her who I am to her
And she yell god lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Uh when did you get like this
Least you coulda done is gone an give me a warning
I don't regret like this
So I'll be right there when you wake up in the morning
Saying this just ain't my style
You can't say you're happy either
You don't even smile for me
Did you agree we should let it be
And did you agree it's a must
Let's call the whole thing off
We used to had enough of us
Let's call the whole thing off
We used to had enough of us
When you decided to knock on my door
Did you remember what happened before
The look on your face said you were expecting more
But some things look better inside of the store
Did you agree we should let it be
And did you agree it's a must
Let's call the whole thing off
We used to had enough of us
Let's call the whole thing off
We used to had enough of us
Leave me leave me I can't fuckin stand you
Wish I had the courage to say everything I planned to
My girlfriend my girlfriend call herself my girlfriend
Tell me that we posed to be together til the world end
But ion really feel that
I just really wanna turn the wheels back
Give you all ya sweaters and ya heels back
Convince you that time will heal that
Uh you look for reasons for us to argue
I swear everytime I call
You jus tell me how I don't call you
Why you do that... do that... do that
Yeah
Did you agree we should let it be
And did you agree it's a must lyrics
Drake Lyrics
It's the ones that smoke blunts with ya
Seen ya picture
Now they wanna grab a gun and come and gitcha 
One time for the homie dj screw
Already... I'm feelin throwed in this bitch
I'm so high even when I'm comin down
Just met a girl said she from the h-town
Said my name was drizzy
And ain't nobody reala
Cup inside a cup
Smokin ghostface killah
Got these boppas goin crazy
Nigga I'm the man
I sent ya girl a message said I'll see you when I can
She sent me one back
But I ain't never read it
Cause pussy's only pussy and I get it when I need it
And I'm tellin you
 I'm always with a dime in the winter
And I be ridin rims if my tires any thinner
Airports stuntin flyin charters overseas
Full of don perignon
And the water for the d's
Don't know why it happens everytime we're alone
But here we are again
And I swear I'm in ma zone
So I'm a sip this drink till that mofucka gone
And you gon' get undressed
And we gon' get it on
I don't give you the time
You deserve from me
This is something I know
I know I know
So tonight I'll just fuck you like
We're in Houston
Takin everything slow
So slow so slow
But I do it to her
Draped up dripped out
Know what I'm talkin bout
3 in the mornin get it poppin in the parkin lot
It's on once again
And I never pretend
A nigga stay g to the end
I swear like lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Yeah I appreciate ya patience tonight
It's been a moment since I've done some public speaking
I find nowadays it's just best to keep quiet
But uh sometimes you just gotta let it out
Young angel and young lion
You know what it is uh
Look I'm the property of October
I ain't drive here I got chauffeured
Bring me champagne flutes
Rose and some shots over
I think better when I'm not sober
I smoke good ain't no glaucoma
I'm a stockholder
Private flights back home no stop over
Still spittin that shit that they shot pac over
The shit my mother look shocked over
Yeah but with a canvas I'm a group of seven
A migraine take two Excedrin
I'm the one twice over I'm the new eleven
And if I die I'm a do it reppin I never do a second
I swear niggas be eyeing me all hard
And lying to they girls and driving the same cars
Sittin there wishing they problems became ours
Cause we have nothing in common
Since I done became star
I done became bigger swerving right in my peer's lane
Same dudes that used to holla my engineer's name
One touch I could make the drapes and the sheers change
An show me the city that I without fear claim
What I set seems to never extinguish
Coolest kid out baby word to Chuck English
Count my own money see the paper cut fingers
My song is ya girlfriend's waking up ringer
Heh or alarm or whatever
She be here at six in the morn if I let her
But I never get attracted to fans
Cause the eager beaver could be the collapse of a dam
I always knew that I could figga
How to get these label heads to offer 'em good figures
And me doing them shows gettin everyone nervous cause
Them hipsters gonna have to get alone with them hood niggas
It's all good I'm going off like lights when the show's over
Make pasta rent a movie called hoes over
Rest in peace to heath ledger but I'm no joker
I'll slow roast ya got no holster
Wet glass on ya table nigga no coaster
Burn bread everyday boy no toaster
G and tez got a cig but I'm no smoker
They just handing chips to me nigga no poker
I'm with it young money cash money soldier
My cup runneth over
The same niggas I ball with I fall with
On some southern drawl shit
Rookie of the year '06 Chris Paul shit
D.r. c.j an po' I see y'all
These cases don't workout I hope we can agree on
Making enough to pay any judge Judy off
First thing I'm a do is free weezy go
And I take probation
I don't want that t.I. and Vick vacation
Private plane big location
Going to the bank to make a big donation
Yeah I don't stunt I stunt hard
And if the food ain't on the stove I hunt for it
But in the meantime you can call me young Roy
Jones junior fighting the drugs and gun charge
Shit don't leave me un-guarded
And I'm a cheese head word to Vince Lombardi
Word to marky mark leave a snitch departed
All that blood like the red sea parted
My gun go crazy like it's retarded
Red light on it like it's recording
I ain't recording I'm just C-4'in
My currency foreign
We are in a league they aren't
Better dig in ya pocket an pay homage
Better cover ya eyes ya face falling
Watch the game from the side I'm play calling
No I didn't say that I'm flawless
But I damn sure don't tarnish
My pistol got comments for ya garments
I'm so high I can vomit on a comet
K-y no homo I'm on it
Weezy f baby new born bitch
You know what they say bout when ya palm itch
I'm gonna get money money I'm gonna get
Young money in ya tummy and we gonna shit
An get that toilet paper quick like when bone spit
That's right bitch I'm back on my grown shit
That oughta Marvin Gaye no ice just chrome shit
And ya boyfriend softer than a foam pit
I scream fuck the world with a long dick
Motherfucker I'm me yeah bitch I'm me
You niggas sweet like the pussy in which I eat
Fireman burn down ya entire street
So fly I'm a take off when I leap bye
And you can suck my wings
Stand on my money headbutt yao Ming
Put your hand in the oven if ya touch my things
I'm shuffling the cards bout to cut my queens
But I ain't the dealer
House full of bitches like tila tequila
Yeah I'm the man in the mirror
My swagger just screaming motherfucker do you hear her
Drizzy drake what the lick read
We make magic boy Roy and Sigfried
Who! young mullah baby lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Why do I feel so alone
Like everybody passing through the studio is in character
As if he acting out a movie role
Talking bullshit as if it was for you to know
And I don't have the heart to give these bitch niggaz the cue to go
So they stick around kicking out feedback
And I entertain it is if I need that
I had a talk with my uncle and he agreed that
My privacy about the only thing I need back
But It's hard thinkin in polite flows/
When Stephano Polato suits are your night clothes
And Jordan sweat suits are you flight clothes
And you still make it even when they say your flight close
Eyes hurting from the camera phone light shows
Life was so full now the shit just been lypo'd
Always said I'll say it all on the right track
But in this game you only lose when you fight back
Black diamond bracelets showing you the basics
I can't live and hold the camera someone got to tape this
I make hits and like a bitch that's married I ain't miss
24 hours from greatness I'm that close
Don't ever forget the moment you began to doubt
Transitioning from fitting in to standing out
Los Angeles Cabanas or Atlanta South
Watch Hov's show embarrassed to pull my camera out
And my mother embarrassed to pull my Phantom out
So I park about 5 houses down
She say I shouldn't have it until I have the crown
But I don't want to feel the need to wear disguises around
So she wonders where my mind is account's in the minus
And yet I role around the fucking city like ya highness
Got niggaz reacting without a sinus
Cause what I'm working with is timeless
And promoters trying to get me out to they club
And say I have fun but I can't imagine how
Cause I just see my ex girl standing with my next girl standing with the girl that I'm fucking right now
And shit can get weird unless they all down
And so I stay clear we from a small town
And everybody talks and everybody listen
And somehow the truth just always comes up missing
I've always been something that these labels can't buy
Especially if they trying to take a piece of my soul
And Silvia be telling Taz damn Drake fly
And he just be like silly motherfucker I know
That was your bad how can you pass up on 'em
He just take them records and he gas up on 'em
Wayne would probably put a million cash up on 'em
Surprised no one ever put your ass up on 'em
Oh they did Po at least they tried to
And that's what happen when you spitting what inside you
But slip up and shoot the wrong fucking video
And they think they can market you however they decide to
Nah before they told me to 'do me'
And don't listen to anybody that knew me
Cause to have known me would mean that there's a new me
And if you think I changed in the slightest could have fooled me
Boy and to my city I'm the Two Three
Drug dealers live vicariously through me
I quit school and it's not because I'm lazy
I'm just not the social type and campus life is crazy
Understand I could get money with my eyes closed
Lost some of my hottest verses down in Cabo
So If you find a blackberry with the side scroll
Sell that motherfucker to any rapper that I know
Cause they need it much more than I ever will
I got new shit I'm getting better still
Little niggaz put my name in they verses
Cause they girlfriend put my ass on a pedestal
Future said cause it's Ye shit you better kill
And I think this got that making of a legend feel
Problem with these other niggaz they ain't never real
Yea lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Hands down
I'm too proud for love
But with eyes shut
It's you I'm thinking of
But how we move from A to B it can't be up to me
'cause you don't know
Who I was before you
Basically to see a change in me
I'd be losing so I just ignore you yeah
Oh oho
But your on my mind my mind my mind my mind my mind
Oh oho
But maybe in time in time in time
I'll tell you
A little bit a little bit
A little bit in love with you
I guess that I'm a little bit a little bit a little bit in love with you
Oh oho
I know you told me break their hearts
But it's you I wanna take apart
And I will never ever be the first to say it
But still I they know I ah ah ah
I would do it
Push a button
Pull a trigger
Climb a mountain
Jump off a cliff
'cause you know baby I love you love you
A little bit
You would do it
You would say it
You'd mean it
I would let you do it
It was you and I and I only
Ha hm
I think I'm a little bit
Little bit
A little bit in love with you
But only if you're a little bit
Little bit
Little bit
In lo-lo-lo-lo-love with me
I hope they never find out
What they already know know know
As soon as it's official
We'll have to let it go go go
So we don't confirm the fling
Keep avoiding all the questions
You could teach me many things
I'm just scared to learn a lesson
The pressures on
Both hearts beat like a metronome
Both n'sync like a Justin song
Feels so right but it's just so wrong
I wonder where my whereabouts?
Where niggas that I know tryna talk my girl out
And her friends say I ain't the one to go for
She just get jealous 'cause you always get approached more
Oh well tell her fall back
caught up in some more shit
tell her call back
Tell her get a man that ain't cheating on her ass
With a girl that I know yeah tell her all that that
And as for you I think I know you're the one
The closest I've come
I'm probably...
A little bit
A little bit
A little bit in love with you
I guess that I'm a little bit
A little bit
A little bit
A little bit in love with you
Oh oho
Lo-lo-lo-lo-love with me
Oh oho oh lyrics
Drake Lyrics
You know a lot of girls be...thinking my songs about them but
This is not to get confused this ones for you...
Baby you're my everything you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything other hoes ain't ever on it
I want this forever I swear I could spend whatever on it
Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say...
You the fuckin' best 
You the best I ever had
Best I ever had 
I say you the fuckin'...
Know you gotta roommate
Call me when there's no one there
Put the key under the mat and you know I be over there 
I be over there shawty I be over there
I be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there
And you don't even have to ask twice
You could have my heart or we could share it like the last slice
Always felt like you were so accustomed to the fast life
Have a nigga thinking that he met you in a past life
Sweat pants hair tied chillin' with no make-up on
That's when you're the prettiest I hope that you don't take it wrong
You don't even trip when friends say you ain't bringing Drake along
You know that I'm working I be there soon as I make it home
And she a patient in my waiting room
Never pay attention to the rumours and what they assume
And until em' girls prove it I'm the one that never get confused wit
'cause...
Sex love pain baby I be on that Tank shit
Buzz so big I could probably sell a blank disk
Play my album drop bitches will buy it for the picture
And niggas will buy two and claim they got it for they sister
Magazine paper girl but money ain't the issue
They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial
She call me the referee cause I be so official
My shirt ain't got no stripes but I can make your pussy whistle
Like the Andy Griffith theme song
And who told you to put them jeans on
Double cup love you're the one I lean on
Feeling for a fix than you should really get your fiend on
Yeah just know my condo is the crack spot
Every single show she out there reppin' like a mascot
Get it from the back and make ya fuckin' bra strap pop
All up in your slot till a nigga hit the jack pot
Baby you're my everything you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything other hoes ain't ever on it
I want this forever I swear I could spend whatever on it
Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say...
You the fuckin' best 
You the best I ever had
Best I ever had 
I say...
You the fuckin' best 
You the best I ever had
Best I ever had 
Uhh ah yea
See this the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody
Just make sure they that special somebody
Young Money
You know who you are lyrics
Drake Lyrics
(feat. Santogold lyrics
Drake Lyrics
(feat. Bun B Lil Wayne)
Yeah uh-huh
Uh hardly home but always reppin
You hardly on and always second
When I'm awake you always restin
And when they call you the answer you will hardly question
I I'm doin classic shit in all my sessions
Other nigga's situations they are all depressin
That's why I never follow y'all suggestions
I just always did my own thing
Now I run the game you stupid muddasuckas
I see all this money through my ohio state buck eyes
Shit been goin good but good can turn to better
Cause you the type to lose her and I'm about to get her
It's okay 
You can run an tell your friends that
I'm on 
Best believe I understand
It's okay 
You can run an tell my city
I'm on 
You can run an tell my city it's on
Yeah wrong way down the one way
Women don't get saved round me even on a sunday
Damn where I get it from these niggas always wonder who
Then they meet my pop and tell 'I'm ''Drake is just a younger you''
And shawty wanna party so don't let yo girl up out the house
Or there'll be shots on TMZ of me givin her mouth-to-mouth
Now she's famous and the paparazzi starts to shoot her
I drop two black cars I named 'em Malcom X an Martin Luther
I don't ever play but I'm in the game lady
They just loose to love those are tennis games lady
Have you countin money goin dufflebag-crazy
Sippin on Pink Floyd an puffin Wayne Brady
Damn who's line is it anyways
I'm in the daze you been amazed y'all seem to be stuck on that beginner stage
I'm on fire yup I've been a blaze
I got dough to blow but I wanna blow it right
You look nice and yo frame makes me wanna bowl a strike
Well alright guess I might know what fuck it yes I will
I am more than what you bargained for and nothin less than real
Put it to you right
It's okay 
You can run an tell your friends that
I'm on 
Best believe I understand
It's okay 
You can run an tell my city
I'm on 
You can run an tell my city it's on
Bun B King of the Trill also one of the dopest
Whether the streets or on the mic I'm dope and yes I'm focused
The gangsta recognize me for my locc ness no joke it's
Time to shake these haters off like the skin of a Locus
Or maybe like a python that's the type a shit I'm on
I wrote this on my iPhone so let me drop this ibomb
im like a SPALDING bout to take flight
from the free throw line and slam it down like im the great Mike
Bun an Wayne an Drake in here man this gon be a great night
Look at all these posers bite our swagger like a great white
Try to cross me over I just fake left then I break right
Stupid animal tricks like David Letterman's Late Night
This that major moment you've been waitin on for too long
The best that ever did it an doin it on a new song
UGK an Young Money too strong
Down in the green like a crouton so what the fuck is you on?
It's okay 
You can run an tell your friends that
I'm on 
Best believe I understand
It's okay 
You can run an tell my city
I'm on 
You can run an tell my city it's on
I am the leather jacket black glasses all american bad boy
I own the swagger supermarket an you you just a bag boy
Cause I got that swag boy the swag you neva had boy
Hate an I will leave ya chest the color of my flag boy
Suuwuup bitch I do this shit I'll erase you like I drew you bitch
An I keep that toaster you can come an be my strudel biiiitch
I'm so uptown an mothafucker if you ain't do go uptown yeah
and now im on this ROCK shit
But why they let me in I'm a start shootin at a mosh pit haha
Fuck is you talkin bout lyrics
Drake Lyrics
I forgot to call you on your birthday
You swear your the last thing on my mind yeah
There is nothing I could do to fix it
(All you ever asked me for was time whoa)
When the lights don't glow the same way that they used to
And I finally get a moment to myself
I will realize you were everything I'm missing
And you tell me you're in love with someone else
So can you do me a favor if pull it together make it sooner than later
We won't be here forever and I realized I waited too long but please don't move on
You don't need no one else 
You just changed your hair and it looks perfect
Wish I was the first to let you know
every chance I get to make it better
I just find a way to let it go
When the lights don't glow the same way that they used to
And I finally get a moment to myself
I will realize you were everything I'm missing
And you tell me you're in love with someone else
So can you do me a favor if pull it together make it sooner than later
We won't be here forever and I realized I waited to long but please don't move on
You don't need no one else 
The girl or the world you see someone gotta lose
I thought that I can have it all
Do I really got to choose?
What good in all the cash if it doesn't buy time?
And what good in being famous if I'm never on your mind?
Night's fallen lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Even though your all alone
All I know when I am gone
I just wanna keep you warm
I'm comin' back I'm comin' back
Yes I'll be there
Yes I'll be there
Cause when I'm all alone I think about your face
And how I wanna touch I'm so far away 
All I wanna do is give you all of me now
Are you ready? Are you ready? Yeah
Don't go missing
fly with me
Don't go missing
fly with me fly with me
Don't go missing
fly with me
check it out check it out
Don't go missing
fly with me fly with me
I'm aware that we just met
I don't wanna leave you yet
Promise that I won't forget
I'm comin' back I'm comin' back
Yes I'll be there
Yes lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Uh I'm just so far gone october's own Please leave me alone
Drunk off champagne screamin' in the phone
See my house is not a home fuck is goin' on
Where did we go wrong where do we belong
Caught up in the game and it's one I can't postpone
Meaning if it rains I'm the one it's raining on
When my diamond chain is on still nothing set in stone
Women borrow sweaters that I spray with my cologne
And tell me don't forget 'em and I promise that I won't
Feelin' so distant from everyone I've known
To make everybody happy I think I would need a clone
Places we get flown parties that we've thrown
I've done more for this city then these rappers that have blown
It's only been 3 Years look at how I've grown
I'm just in my zone I call this shit the calm
Yea but I'm the furthest thing from calm
Dedicated to my mom and I swear my word is bond
Everything will be ok and it won't even take that long
You can see it in my face or even read it on my palm
Leader of the new school it's proven and it's known
I'm sittin' in a chair but in the future it's a throne
I know you like to worry it'll be better if you don't cause...
You know everything gone be alright I promise. A
Pologize to you know to put ya'll in this position and vent to ya'll but...
40 mom always say "Don't ask permisson just ask forgiveness"
You know so... forgive me.
Uh And life is so insane look what I've became tryna make a name
All my first dates are interrupted by my fame
Because every picture taken is a fan that you can gain
They love it when you smile unaware that it's a strain
It's a curse you gotta live with when you born to entertain
Women need attention therefore women will complain
Develop hatred for men and say that your the one to blame
Tryna enjoy myself with Taz in miami at the game
I just wish he knew how much it really weighed like dwayne
It's a weight that's on my chest whoever spottin' me is playin'
So I'm liftin' all alone try not to get a sprain
Hopin' western union doing currency exchange
Cause my dad called and got me feelin' guilty and ashamed
Like how I had a Rolls and I went and got a Range
And he payin' for his cigarettes with dollars and some change
Damn and I could only feel his pain
Cause in memphis tennessee there's only so much to attain
So I'm fillin' out the form at the counter once a-gain
He say he love me I just hope he doesn't say that shit in vain
I'm why yo girl heart is in a slang
Call me heartbreak Drake I'm the hardest one to tame
As a man I'm just honest as a artist I'm a king
With my own set of problems that be sittin' on my brain
Yea And see this is the thang
What they viewing as braggin' is the way that I maintain
The shit I write while staring out the window of a plane
Is the single handed reason I Remain...
Me Yea... Uh lyrics
Drake Lyrics
This here is on some truthful shit!
Its seems like everything I do your use to it!
And I hate hearing stories bout who you've been with!
Thats when I gotta hide what I'm feeling inside.
So you still think I am confident and damn
Is this gonna last?
Your up on a pedastool.
Are we moving too fast?
Feels Like I'm in crazy competition with the past.
That's why I gotta ask...
Is anything I'm doin' Brand New?
Brand New 
Is anything I'm doin' Brand New?
Brand New 
Girl
This here is something personal
I highly doubt this feeling is reversible
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know
That you atempt to hide and put mistakes aside
So I don't ever question you and damn
I can't even find the perfect brush
So i can paint what's going through my mind
Racing against myself but I'm a couple steps behind
That's why I gotta ask...
Is anything I'm doing Brand New?
New 
Is everything I'm doing to late?
Late 
Did he take your clothes off just like this?
Did he give you loving just this?
Did you spend the night in his bed on the very 1st date?
Tell me baby lyrics
Drake Lyrics
Hey there pretty girl
You know exactly what you got and I don't blame you at all...
You can't resist it...
Especially when the lights so bright and the money so right
And it's comin in every single night
She don't wanna leaveeeeeeeee
She just stuck in...
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlanta... she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
And she dance... to this song... and she dance to this song... and it goes
Hey now now watch her go down ooooooo
She doesnt ever worry if she wants it she'll get it on her own
She knows there's more to life and shes scared of ending up alone
Throw your 1's up in the air
Throw your 1's up in the air for her
Throw your 1's up in the air
'Cause the ones you throw will get her out of
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlanta... she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
And she dance... to this song... and she dance to this song... and it goes
Hey now now watch her go down oooooo
We all got dreams and we all star reaching all star peaking all-star weekend...
One hotel room and all ya'll sleeping housekeeping knock to see if all ya'll decent
Young girls envy the life ya'll leading never satisfied with a nice calm evening
You be at the games looking right all season
But you always with me on the night ya'll leaving
Ass low ass low I always request you
You go get fucked up and we just show up at your rescue
Carry you inside get you some water and undress you
I give you my all and the next morning you'll forget:
Who or Why or How or When
Tonight is probably about to happen all over again
And she live in a mindset that I could never move to
Until you find yourself it's impossible to lose you
Uh... because I never had you...
Although I would be glad to...
I probably go and tattoo... your name on my heart
I swear
I start
To think
That I'm going crazy
Throw your 1'ss up in the air
Throw your 1's up in the air for her
Throw your 1's up in the air
'Cause the 1's you throw will get her out of:
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlanta... she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas Houstatlantavegas
And she dance... to this song... and she dance to this song... and it goes
Hey now now watch her go down lyrics
Drake Lyrics
(feat. Trey Songz Lil Wayne)
I want the money
Money and the cars
Cars and the clothes
The hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
Drizzy
Oh yeah Trey I fucking feel you
They be staring at the money like it's unfamiliar
I get it
I live it
To me there's nothings realer
Just enough to solve your problems
Too much would kill ya
And when I leave
I always come right back here
The young spitter that everybody in rap fear
A lot of you all still sounding like last year
The game needs change and I'm the motherfucking cashier
Nickels for my thoughts
Dimes in my bed
Quarters of the kush
Shape the lines in my head
Take my verses too serious ya hate me
Cause I'm the one to paint a vivid picture no HD
Yeah
I want it all
That's why I strive for it
Diss me and you'll never hear a reply for it
Any awards show or party I'll get fly for it
I know what's coming I just hope I'm alive for it.
I want the money
Money and the cars
Cars and the clothes
The hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
Yeah
I want things to go my way
But as of late a lot of shit been going sideways
And my mother tried to runaway from home
But I left somethin in the car so I caught her in the driveway
And she cried to me so I cried too
And my stomach was soaking wet
She only 5'2
And 48 hours all before I showed up
And brought a thousand dollars worth of drinks and got poured up
Damn my reality just set in
And even when the phantoms leased them hoes wanna get in
I do a lot of things
Hoping I never have to fit in
So trying to keep up with my progress is like a dead end
My girl love me but fuck it my heart beat slow
And right now the tour bus is lookin like a freak show
And life change for us every single week
So it's good
But I know this ain't the peak though
Cause I want...
I want the money
Money and the cars
Cars and the clothes
The hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
Wise words from a decent man
Back when I was trying to put a ring on Alicia hand
This lost boy got fly without peter pan
And my delivery just got me buzzing like the pizza man
In person I am everything and more
I'm everywhere these other niggas never been before
But inside I'm treading waters steady trying to swim ashore
I'm on a shoppin spree to get whatever is in store
Just call me shop and bag drizzy
And call me Mr.damn he ain't coping that is he?
And fans of these freshman is about to get iffy
While this youngin that you doubting is about to get busy
I'm a kill it I promise this I know you mad
I've always treated my city like some shoulder pads
To big homie use a flash if you must
And I swear I ain't asking for much
All I want is
I want the money
Money and the cars
Cars and the clothes
The hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
I just wanna be
I just wanna be
Successful.
It's like I know what I got to say
I just don't know how to say it to you
Pardon the swag
But bitches cartate
Long bread I don't eat shortcake
How come I can't
Miss a woman like I can't miss court dates
Cheese
But shes not in this portrait
Life's fine but I don not portray
I'm on the other side but it is a short gate
I don't want the glow
I want the glow ray
And I'm a fuck the world
But this is just foreplay
Tired of hearing bullshit
Bring her on to cowshit
Haven't met a smell that's stinkier than our shit
That's word to toronto
So high up I got birds in the condo
Ain't that a female dog
Ask her who I am to her
And she yell god lyrics
Drake Lyrics
You know a lot of girls be...thinking my songs about them but
This is not to get confused this ones for you...
Baby you're my everything you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything other hoes ain't ever on it
I want this forever I swear I could spend whatever on it
Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say...
You the fuckin' best 
You the best I ever had
Best I ever had 
I say you the fuckin'...
Know you gotta roommate
Call me when there's no one there
Put the key under the mat and you know I be over there 
I be over there shawty I be over there
I be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there
And you don't even have to ask twice
You could have my heart or we could share it like the last slice
Always felt like you were so accustomed to the fast life
Have a nigga thinking that he met you in a past life
Sweat pants hair tied chillin' with no make-up on
That's when you're the prettiest I hope that you don't take it wrong
You don't even trip when friends say you ain't bringing Drake along
You know that I'm working I be there soon as I make it home
And she a patient in my waiting room
Never pay attention to the rumours and what they assume
And until em' girls prove it I'm the one that never get confused wit
'cause...
Sex love pain baby I be on that Tank shit
Buzz so big I could probably sell a blank disk
Play my album drop bitches will buy it for the picture
And niggas will buy two and claim they got it for they sister
Magazine paper girl but money ain't the issue
They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial
She call me the referee cause I be so official
My shirt ain't got no stripes but I can make your pussy whistle
Like the Andy Griffith theme song
And who told you to put them jeans on
Double cup love you're the one I lean on
Feeling for a fix than you should really get your fiend on
Yeah just know my condo is the crack spot
Every single show she out there reppin' like a mascot
Get it from the back and make ya fuckin' bra strap pop
All up in your slot till a nigga hit the jack pot
Baby you're my everything you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything other hoes ain't ever on it
I want this forever I swear I could spend whatever on it
Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say...
You the fuckin' best 
You the best I ever had
Best I ever had 
I say...
You the fuckin' best 
You the best I ever had
Best I ever had 
Uhh ah yea
See this the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody
Just make sure they that special somebody
Young Money
You know who you are lyrics
Drake Lyrics
(feat. Bun B Lil Wayne)
Yeah uh-huh
Uh hardly home but always reppin
You hardly on and always second
When I'm awake you always restin
And when they call you the answer you will hardly question
I I'm doin classic shit in all my sessions
Other nigga's situations they are all depressin
That's why I never follow y'all suggestions
I just always did my own thing
Now I run the game you stupid muddasuckas
I see all this money through my ohio state buck eyes
Shit been goin good but good can turn to better
Cause you the type to lose her and I'm about to get her
It's okay 
You can run an tell your friends that
I'm on 
Best believe I understand
It's okay 
You can run an tell my city
I'm on 
You can run an tell my city it's on
Yeah wrong way down the one way
Women don't get saved round me even on a sunday
Damn where I get it from these niggas always wonder who
Then they meet my pop and tell 'I'm ''Drake is just a younger you''
And shawty wanna party so don't let yo girl up out the house
Or there'll be shots on TMZ of me givin her mouth-to-mouth
Now she's famous and the paparazzi starts to shoot her
I drop two black cars I named 'em Malcom X an Martin Luther
I don't ever play but I'm in the game lady
They just loose to love those are tennis games lady
Have you countin money goin dufflebag-crazy
Sippin on Pink Floyd an puffin Wayne Brady
Damn who's line is it anyways
I'm in the daze you been amazed y'all seem to be stuck on that beginner stage
I'm on fire yup I've been a blaze
I got dough to blow but I wanna blow it right
You look nice and yo frame makes me wanna bowl a strike
Well alright guess I might know what fuck it yes I will
I am more than what you bargained for and nothin less than real
Put it to you right
It's okay 
You can run an tell your friends that
I'm on 
Best believe I understand
It's okay 
You can run an tell my city
I'm on 
You can run an tell my city it's on
Bun B King of the Trill also one of the dopest
Whether the streets or on the mic I'm dope and yes I'm focused
The gangsta recognize me for my locc ness no joke it's
Time to shake these haters off like the skin of a Locus
Or maybe like a python that's the type a shit I'm on
I wrote this on my iPhone so let me drop this ibomb
im like a SPALDING bout to take flight
from the free throw line and slam it down like im the great Mike
Bun an Wayne an Drake in here man this gon be a great night
Look at all these posers bite our swagger like a great white
Try to cross me over I just fake left then I break right
Stupid animal tricks like David Letterman's Late Night
This that major moment you've been waitin on for too long
The best that ever did it an doin it on a new song
UGK an Young Money too strong
Down in the green like a crouton so what the fuck is you on?
It's okay 
You can run an tell your friends that
I'm on 
Best believe I understand
It's okay 
You can run an tell my city
I'm on 
You can run an tell my city it's on
I am the leather jacket black glasses all american bad boy
I own the swagger supermarket an you you just a bag boy
Cause I got that swag boy the swag you neva had boy
Hate an I will leave ya chest the color of my flag boy
Suuwuup bitch I do this shit I'll erase you like I drew you bitch
An I keep that toaster you can come an be my strudel biiiitch
I'm so uptown an mothafucker if you ain't do go uptown yeah
and now im on this ROCK shit
But why they let me in I'm a start shootin at a mosh pit haha
Fuck is you talkin bout lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
I'm making short term goals wonder whether foes
just put away the leathers and put ice on the gold
chilly with enough bail money to free a big Willy
high stakes I got more at stake than Philly
shopping sprees coping three deuce fever I guess its fully loaded
ah yes
bouncing in the lex luger tires smoke like Buddha
50 g's to the crap shooter
niggas can't fade me
chrome socks beaming through my peripheral I see ya scheming
stop dreamin' I leave ya body steaming
niggas is feening what's the meaning
I'm leaning on any nigga intervening with the sound of my money machine-in
my cuff running over with hundreds
I'm one of the best niggas that done it
six digits and running
y'all niggas don't want it
I got the godfather flow the don Juan Demarco
swear to god don't get it fucked up
taking out this time
to give you a piece of my mind
but though you think you are
baby one day you'll be a star
last seen out of state where I drop my slang
I'm deep in the south kicking up top game
bouncing on the highway switching 4 lanes
screaming through the sun roof money ain't a thang
your worst fear confirmed
me and my fam roll tight like the firm
getting down for life that's right you better learn
why play with fire burn
we get together like a choir
to acquire what we desire
we do dirt like worms
produce g's like sperm
'til legs spread like germs
I got extensive hoes with expensive clothes
and I sip wine and spit vintage flows
but y'all don't know......
yeah yeah yeah yeah
cause you can't knock the hustle
but until that day then
I'm the one whose crazy
cause that's the way ya making me feel
I'm just trying to get mine
I don't have the time
to knock the hustle for real
y'all niggas lunching punching a clock
my function is lo make much 'n' lay back munching
sipping Remy on rocks my crew
something to watch nothing to stop
un...
...stoppable
scheme on the ice I gotta hide your crew
I gotta
let you niggas know the time like movado
my motto
stack rocks like Colorado
bottle off the champagne crystals by the bottle
it's a damn shame what you're not though  me slick like a GATO fuckin' Jay-Z
pops knew exactly what he did when he made me
tried to get a nut and he got a nut and what
straight banana's
can a nigga see me
got the US Open advantage jigga
serve like sampras play fake a rappers like a campus Le Tigre
son you're too eager
you ain't having it? good me either
lets get together and make this whole world believers
at my arraignment screaming
all these blacks got is sports and entertainment until we even
thieving as long as I'm breathing
can't knock the way a nigga eating
fuck you even
taking out this time
to give you a piece of my mind
but though you think you are
baby one day you'll be a star
but until that day then
I'm the one whose crazy
cause that's the way ya making me feel
I'm just trying to get mine lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
You know how we do Roc-a-Fella... forever... You can catch me
skatin through your town puttin it down y'all relatin
No waitin I'll make your block infrared hot I'm like Satan
Y'all feel a nigga's struggle y'all think a nigga love to
hustle behind the wheel tryin to escape my trouble
kids stop they greetin me I'm talkin sweet to keys
Cursin the very God that bought this wreath to be
My life is based on sacrifices jewels like ices
and fools that think I slip you fuck around
you get your guys hit they built me to be filthy
on some I-do-or-die shit for real
The price of leather's got me deeper than ever and
just think with this here I'm tryin to feel made nig-ga
Politics as us-ual... I took my
Frito to Tito in the district blessed me with some
VS somethins I can live with stop frontin
And for the dough I raise gotta get shit appraised
No disrespect to you make sure you word is true
I'm takin wages down in Vegas just in case Tyson
have a major night off that's clean money the tax write-off
You ain't seen money in your life when it
comes to this cheese y'all like Three Blind Mice
A smokin bro who pump Willie Ike spokes
The furthest you Chiles been is the Pocanos
My portfolio reads: leads to Don Corleone nigga please
Ten year feleon heavy on the wrist our face used
with the diamond blooded Jesus and blind your face
youse for life... sharight Jigga I keep it tight nig-ga
Politics as us-ual...
You feel my triumph never feel my pain I'm lyin
Low in the leather Zion the best that's ever came
The game changes like my mind just ain't right
We 'gwan get this dough I guess it ain't your night
Suckin me in like a vacumn I remember
tellin my family I'll be back soon that was December
Eighty-five and Jay-Z rise ten years later
got me wise still can't break my underworld ties
I wear black a lot in the Ac' act a lot
Got matchin VCR's a huge Magnavox
to nitch green like spinach pop wines that's vintage
It's a lot of big money in my sentence
Hittin towards a mil' lip a written I kill like that
chick faked me one-two cat yeah I do dat
Ain't no stoppin the champagne from poppin
the drawers from droppin the law from watchin lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
 OKAY I'M RELOADED!!! 
You motherfuckers think you big time? 
Fuckin with Jay-Z you gon' die big time!
Here come the ! 
Jigga...  Bigga... 
Nigga how you figure... 
Yeah yeah yeah aiyyo
Peep the style and the way the cops sweat us 
The number one question is can the Feds get us 
I got vendettas in dice games against ass betters 
and niggaz who pump wheels and drive Jettas
Take that witcha..
.. hit ya back split ya
Fuck fist fights and lame scuffles
Pillow case to your face make the shell muffle
Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle
Fuck a tussle nickel-plated 
Sprinkle coke on the floor make it drug related
Most hate it..
.. can't fade it
While y'all pump Willie I run up in stunts silly
Scared so you sent your little mans to come kill me 
But on the contrilli I packs the mack-milli 
Squeezed off on him left them paramedics breathin soft on him 
What's ya name?
.. Who shot ya? Mob ties like Sinatra
Peruvians tried to do me in I ain't paid them yet
Tryin to push 700's they ain't made them yet
Rolex and bracelets is frostbit; rings too
Niggaz 'round the way call me Igloo Stix 
Motherfucker!
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls nigga shit ya drawers
 Brooklyn goin out for all
Marcy - that's right - you don't stop
Bed-Stuy.. you won't stop nigga!
What what what?
Jay-Z Big' Smalls nigga shit ya drawers
Brooklyn represent y'all hit you fold
You crazy think your little bit of rhymes can play me?
I'm from Marcy I'm varsity chump you're JV
 Jay-Z
.. and Bigga baby!
My Bed-Stuy flow's malicious delicious
Fuck three wishes made my road to riches
from 62's gem stars my moms dishes
Gram choppin police van dockin
D's at my doors knockin
What? Keep rockin
No more Mister Nice Guy I twist your shit 
the fuck back with them pistols blazin
Hot like cajun
Hotter than even holdin work at the Days Inn
with New York plates outside
Get up outta there fuck your ride
Keep your hands high shit gets steeper
Here comes the Grim Reaper Frank Wright
Leave the keys to your In-tegra 
Chill homie the bitch in the Shoney's told me
You're holdin more drugs than a pharmacy you ain't harmin me
So pardon me pass the safe before I blaze the place 
and here's six shots just in case
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls nigga shit ya drawers
 Brooklyn goin out to all
 You don't stop
 You won't stop nigga!
Hah hah! Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls nigga shit ya drawers
 Brooklyn goin out to all
 You don't stop
 You won't stop niggaz!
Yeah yeah yeah
For nine six the only MC with a flu
Yeah I rhyme sick I be what you're tryin to do
Made a fortune off Peru extradite china white heron
Nigga please like short sleeves I bear arms
Stay out my way from here on  Gone!
Me and Gutter had two spots
The two for five dollar hits the blue tops
Gotta go Coolio mean it's gettin 
If Fay' had twins she'd probably have two-Pac's
Get it? .. Tu-pac's
Time to separate the pros from the cons
The platinum from the bronze
That butter soft shit from that leather on the Fonz
A S1 diamond from a eye class don
A Cham' Dom' sipper from a Rosay nigga huh?!
Brook-Nam sippin on 
Cristal forever play the crib when it's mink weather
The M.A.F.I.A. keep canons in they Marc Buchanans
Usually cuatro cinco the shell sink slow tossin ya
Mad slugs through your Nautica I'm warnin ya
(Hah what the fuck?)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls nigga shit ya drawers
 Brooklyn goin out to all
 You don't stop
 You won't stop nigga!
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls nigga shit ya drawers
 Brooklyn goin out to all
 You don't stop
 You won't stop nigga!
Uhh Roc-A-Fella y'all Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
Superbad click Brook-lyn's Finest lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
 - 
Rock... on Roc-A-Fella y'all
The saga continues
Ahh who wanna bet us that we don't touch leathers
Stack cheddars forever live treacherous all the et ceteras
To the death of us me and my confidants we shine
You feel the ambiance y'all niggaz just rhyme
By the ounce dough accumulates like snow
We don't just shine we illuminate the whole show; you feel me?
Factions from the other side would love to kill me
Spill three quarts of my blood into the street let alone the heat
Fuck em we hate a nigga lovin this life
In all possible ways know the Feds is buggin my life
Hospital days reflectin when my man laid up
On the Uptown high block he got his side sprayed up
I saw his life slippin this is a minor set back
Yo still in all we livin just dream about the get back
That made him smile though his eyes said 
I'll do you one better and slay these niggaz faithfully
Murder is a tough thing to digest it's a slow process
and I ain't got nothin but time
I had near brushes not to mention three shots
close range never touched me divine intervention
Can't stop I from drinkin Mai-Tai's with Ta Ta
Down in Nevada ha ha Poppa word life
I dabbled in crazy weight without rap I was crazy straight
Potnah I'm still spendin money from eighty-eight... what?
Geyeah know what? I'll make..
you and your wack mans fold like bad hands
Roll like Monopoly ad-vance you copy me
like white crystals I gross the most
at the end of the fiscal year than these niggaz can wish to
The dead presidential canidate
with the sprinkles and the presidental ice that'll offend you
In due time when crime fleas my mind
All sneak thieves and playa haters can shine
But until then I keep the trillion cut diamonds shinin brilliant
I'll tell you half the story the rest you fill it in
Long as the villian win
I spend Japan yen attend major events
Catch me in the joints convinced my iguanas is bitin
J-A-Y hyphen controllin manipulatin
I got a good life man pounds and pence
Nuff dollars make sense while you ride the bench
Catch me swinging for the fence
Dead Presidents ya know
Uh-huh yeah uh-huh so be it
The Soviet The Unified Steady Flow
You already know you light I'm heavy roll heavy dough
Mic macheted your flow your paper falls slow
like confetti mines a steady grow bet he glow
Pay five dead it from blow better believe I have
eleven sixty to show my doe flip like Tae-Kwon
Jay-Z The Icon baby you like Dom maybe this Cristal's
to change your life huh roll with the winners
Heavy spenders like hit records: Roc-A-Fella
Don't get it corrected this shit is perfected 
from chips to chicks just drivin a Lexus
Make it without your gun we takin everything you brung
We cake and you niggaz is fake and we gettin it done
Crime Family well connected Jay-Z
And you fake thugs is Unplugged like MTV
I empty three take your treasure my pleasure
Dead presidentials lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
I'm feelin it fill the glass to the top with Moet
Feelin it feel the Lex pushin up on the set
I'm feelin it through the high that you get from the lie
Feelin it if you feel it raise your l in the sky
I keep it realer than most I know your feelin it
Cristal on ice I like to toast I keep on spillin it
Bone crushers I keep real close I got the skill for this
On my back the fliest clothes lookin ill and shit
Transactions illegitimate cause life is still a bitch 
And then you die but for now life close your eyes and feel this dick
Since diapers had nothin to live for like them lifers but 
Makin sure every nigga stay rich within my cipher
We paid the price to circular success they turned my mic up
I'm 'bout to hit these niggas wit some shit that a light they life up
If every nigga in your clique is rich your clique is rugged
Nobody will fall cause everyone would be each others crutches 
I hope you fools choose to listen I drop jewels bust it
These are the rules I follow in my life you gotta love it
Jiggy jigger lookin gully in the joint 
If y'all niggas ain't talkin 'bout large money what's the point?
Even if it ain't sunny hey I ain't complainin 
I'm in the rain doing a buck 40 hydroplanin what shorty
Maintainin puttin myself in a position most of these rappers ain't in
I'm livin the ill streets blues got you hunger painin
Nothin to gain and a whole lot to lose you still singin fool
I'm thorough in every boro my name be ringin
Warmin it up for the perfect time to hit your brain and 
Ya Feelin it? to all the girls I bought the girdle to conceal my bricks
No doubt they can vouch my life is real as shit 
95 south and poppy on the hill and shit
And all the towns like Cambridge that I killed wit shit
And all the thorough ass niggas that I hustle wit 
Throw your joints in the air one time and bust your shit
These fake rappers cant really know I'm lovin it ya feelin it
What y'all ain't heard that nigga Jay high? 
The Cristals they keep me wet like Baywatch
I keep it tight for all the nights my mom prayed I'd stop 
Said she had dreams that snipers hit me with a fatal shot
Those nightmares mom
Those dreams you say you got give me the chills
But these mils make me hot y'all feel me
Enough to stop the illin right?
But at the same time these dimes keep me feelin tight 
I'm so confused
OK I'm gettin weeded now I know I'm contradicting myself
Look I don't need that now 
It just once in a blue moon when there's nothin to do and
The tension's too thick for my sober mind to cut through
I get to zonin lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
Illuminati want my mind soul and my body.
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
Secret Society Tryin to keep their eye on me
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
Illuminati want my mind soul and my body.
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
I can't Die I can't Die I can't Die 
(Uh yeah)
This shit is wicked on these mean streets
None of my friends speak
We're all trying to win but then again
Maybe it's for the best though 'cause when your're saying too much
You know they're trying to get you touched
Whoever said illegal was the easy way out couldn't understand the mechanics
And the workings of the underworld granted
Nine to five is how ya survive I ain't trying to survive
I'm trying to live it to the limit and love it alive
Life ills poison my body
I used to say 'fuck mic skills ' and never prayed to God I prayed to Gotti
That's right it's wicked west life I live it
Ain't asking for forgiveness for my sins endz
I break bread with the late heads picking their brains for angles on
All the evils that the game'll do
It gets dangerous money and power is changing us
And now we're lethal infected with D'Evils...
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
Illuminati want my mind soul and my body.
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
Secret Society Tryin to keep their eye on me
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
Illuminati want my mind soul and my body.
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
I can't Die I can't Die I can't Die 
(Yeah yeah)
We used to fight for building blocks
Now we fight for blocks with buildings that make a killing
The closest of friends when we first started
But grew apart as the money grew and soon grew black-hearted
Thinking back when we first learned to use rubbers
He never learned so in turn I'm kidnapping his baby's mother
My hand around her collar feeding her cheese
She said the taste of dollars was shitty so I fed her fifties
About his whereabouts I wasn't convinced
So I kept feeding her money 'til her shit started to make sense
Who could ever forsee we used to stay up all night at slumber parties
Now I'm trying to rock this bitch to sleep
All the years we were real close
Now I see his fears through her tears know she's wishing we were still close
Don't cry it is to be
In time I'll take away your miseries and make 'em mine D'Evils...
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
Illuminati want my mind soul and my body.
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
Secret Society Tryin to keep their eye on me
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
Illuminati want my mind soul and my body.
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
I can't Die I can't Die I can't Die 
My flesh no nigga could test
My soul is possessed by D'Evils in the form of diamonds and lexuses
The exorcist got me doing skits like Homie
You don't know me but the whole world owe me
Strip!
Was thought to be a pleasant guy all my fucking life
So now I'm down for whatever ain't nothing nice
Throughout my junior high years it was all friendly
But now this higher learning got the Remy in me
Liquors invaded my kidneys
Got me ready to lick off mama forgive me
I can't be held accountable D'Evils beating me down boo
Got me running with guys making G's telling lies that sound true
Come test me I never cower
For the love of money son I'm giving lead showers
Stop screaming you know the demon said it's best to die
And even if Jehovah witness bet he'll never testify D'Evils...
Dear God I wonder can you save me?
I can't Die I can't Die lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Yo whassup everybody this is Mariah Davis Mad Wednesday's
we here tonight to have a good time 
Wait a minute; I see my man over there Jay-Z
Jay-Z Dam Deass let me hear that lil' tape of yours and it's fat
Why don't you come up here and kick a lil' freestyle
Put that champagne down and kick a lil' freestyle for me tonight
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Can I kick it?  
Y'all motherfuckers musta hear that Tribe Called Quest let's do it again
Can I kick it?  
Well I'm gone... check this out
Too much West coast dick-lickin and too many niggaz on a mission
Doin your best Jay-Z rendition
Too many rough motherfuckers I got my suspicions
that you're just a fish in a pool of sharks nigga listen
Too many bitches wanna be ladies so if you a hoe
I'ma call you a hoe too many bitches are shady
Too many ladies give these niggaz too many chances
Too many brothers wannabe lovers don't know what romance is
Too many bitches stuck up from too many sexual advances
No question; Jay-Z got too many answers
I been around this block too many times
Rocked too many rhymes cocked too many nines too
To all my brothers it ain't too late to come together
Cause too much black and too much love equal forever
I don't follow any guidelines cause too many niggaz ride mine
so I change styles every two rhymes hah what the fuck
That's 22 too's for y'all motherfuckers out there yaknahmean?
Shall I continue? Check it out what?
Can I kick it?  
Well I'm gone... yo yo yo
Copped to reach my quota push rock roll up smooth like on ya
Whole groove like hold-up swoll up
Too many faggot niggaz clockin my spendin
Exercisin you're gay like minds like Richard Simmons
If you could catch Jay right on the late night
without the eight right maybe you could test my weight right
I dip speak quicker than you ever seen
adminster pain next the minister's screamin your name
At your wake as I peak in look in your casket
feelin sarcastic "Look at him still sleepin"
You never ready forever petty minds stay petty
Mines thinkin longevity until I'm seventy
Livin heavenly fuck felony after felony what?
Nigga ya broke what the fuck you gon' tell me?
Jay-Z Jay-Z now you know this is a fat track 
Now this is comin on your new album on Roc-A-Fella records in ninety-six
 well it is definitely the bomb
But you know I do wanna say somethin to you I know
you've been havin a lot of problems with the law
But I know you innocent and I'm behind you 100%
Mad Wednesday's Ruby King DJ Ace Dang Dash
Roc-A-Fella Records we all behind you you can come back anytime
(Hah thanks a lot)
Wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute
Ace turn that music down
I smell some reefer now you see?
That's why our people don't have anything
Because we don't know how to go in places and act properly
Wait a minute wait a minute who told me shut the eff up?
Who told me to shut the eff up? Get him out of here
I'm not gonna continue this show until you throw him out
Get him out right now then I'ma continue my speech
Thank you he's out of here now now like I was sayin
We gotta build our own business lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Yeah hah yeah Roc-A-Fella
We invite you to somethin epic y'all know?
Where we hustle out of a sense of hopelessness
Sort of a desperation
Through that desperation we 'come addicted
Sorta like the fiends we accustomed to servin
But we feel we have nothin to lose
So we offer you well we offer our lives
What do you bring to the table?
While I'm watchin every nigga watchin me closely
My shit is butter for the bread they wanna toast me
I keep my head both of them where they supposed to be
Hoes'll get you sidetracked then clapped from close feet
I don't sleep I'm tired I feel wired like codeine these days
A brother gotta admire me from four fiends away
My pain wish it was quick to see from sellin 'caine
Til brains was fried to a fricaisse can't lie
At the time it never bothered me at the bar
Gettin my thug on properly my squad and me
Lack of respect for authority laughin hard
Happy to be escapin poverty however brief
I know this game got valleys and peaks expectation
For dips for precipitation we stack chips hardly
The youth I used to be soon to see a mill' in
No more Big Willie my game has grown prefer you call me William
Illin for revenues Rayful Edmonds like
Channel 7 news round seven jewels hand gettin the mic
Forgettin all I ever knew convenient amnesia
I suggest you call my lawyer I know the procedure
Lock my body can't trap my mind easily
Explain why we adapt to crime
I'd rather die enormous than live dormant that's how we on it
Live at the main event I bet a trip to Maui on it
Presidential suites my residential for the weekend
Confidentially speakin in codes since I sense you peekin
The NSX rental don't be fooled my game is mental
We both ride our town dog what you tryin to get into?
Viva Las Vegas see ya later at the crap tables
Meet me by the one that starts a G up
This way no fraud Willie's present gambling they re-up
And we can have a pleasant time sippin margaritas
Ge-ge-geyeahhh can I live?
Can I live?
My mind is infested with sick thoughts that circle
Like a Lexus if driven wrong it's sure to hurt you
Dual level like duplexes in unity my crew and me
Commit atrocities like we got immunity
You guessed it manifest it intangible goods
Platinum Rolexed it we don't lease
We buy the whole car as you should
My confederation dead a nation EXPLODE
On detonation overload the mind of a said patient
When it boils to steam it comes to it
We all fiends gotta do it even righteous minds go through this
True this the streets school us to spend our money foolish
Bond with jewelers and watch for intruders
I stepped it up another level meditated like a buddhist
Recruited lieutenants with ludicrous dreams of
Gettin cream let's do this it gets te-di-ous
So I keep one eye open like C-B-S ya see me
Stressed right? Can I live?
Can I live?
Can I live?
Can I live?
Ha-hah lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
I keep it fresher than the next bitch
no need..for you to ever sweat the next bitch
..with speed I make the best bitch see the exit..indeed 
you gotta know your thoroughly respected by me
you get the keys to the Lexus with no driver
you gotcha own '96 suh-in..the ride
and keep your ass tighter than Versace thats why
you gotta watch your friends you got to watch me
they conniving shit
the first chance to crack the bank
they try me all they get is 50 cent franks
and papayas from the village to the tele
time to kill it on your belly no question 
I got more black chicks between my sheets than Essence
they say sex is a weapon so when I shoot
mmet your death in less than 8 seconds
still poundin in my after life..
laugin my shit is tight
you who askin right...
Aint no nigga like the one I got
no one can fuck you betta
sleeps around but he gives me alot
keeps you in diamonds and leathers
friends 'ill tell me I should leave you alone
hah hah hah hah hah hah hah ha
tell the freaks to find a man of there own
(man a they own man a they own)
Fresh to def in Moschino coach bag
lookin half black and filipino fakin no jacks
got you a beeper to feel important
surrouding your feet in Joanie Dega's and Charles Jordan
I keep ya dove but love 
you know these ho's be makin me weak
yall knows how it goes 'b and so I creep
Ive been sinnin since you been playin wit Barbie and Ken in
you can't change a players game in the 9th inning
the chrome rim spinning keeps em grinnin
so I run way the fuck up in em
and wrinkle the face like linnin
I play hard-eh till they say God..
he's keepin it real jigga stay hard
lawd don't even trip
I never slip nigga what you dont see is whatcha get
weapons concealed what the fuck yall feel
when you nigga play sick we can all get ill
-whats the deal-
Yo aint no stoppin this no lie
promise to stay monogamous I try
but love you know these ho's be makin me weak
Y'all knows how it goes B so I stay deep
What up boo just keep me laced in the illa snakes
bank rolls and shit back rubs in the french tubs
Mackin this bitch wifee nigga 
so when you flip that coke 
remember them days you was dead broke
but now your style and I raised you
basically made you into a don
flippin weight..heroin and shit
you know my pussy is all that
thats why I get bagets 5 carats and all that
From Dolce Gabana to H Vendell I'm ringin bells
so who the playa I still keep you in the illest gators
Tailor made so we can lay up in the shade reminiscin
on how I fuck the best a shit
specially when Im flippin Baileys
dont give a fuck about how you move with them other mamis
I push da Z eating shrimp scampi with rocks larger than life
Fuck them Reebok broads you made it known who your wife was
I got you frontin in Armani sweaters
before this rap shit 
when you was in letters and bullshit berattas
and eek classes with mo in the glasses
shows in Cali wit all the flavor suede Bally's
now all your mens' up in your benz's
high post I swear you be killin me
playin inside my pubic hairs
I never worry bout them other chicks
cuz you proved who was your wiz
when you was spinnin that bitch
I took a little when you was up north
your comisary stay pilin
how you livin large on the island
all them collects have me vex
but when you come home 
knew I was comin off wit half of dem checks
now we on the rise
your diamond mami wit the slanted eyes
holdin this grip cocked the green and the shit
Fucks no I see half the dough
Made you into a star lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Check one check two you know what to do
Primo cold crush when I give it to you
Friend or foe yo state your biz
Ya tend to dough ah there it is
Me I run the show oh and these kids
Don't like nobody commin around here fuckin wit they doe for shit
You enterprisin though
And I like it
But fuck with the big dogs though I gotta bite ya
Look its out of my hands
And you gettin money round here its not in the plans
So hop yo ass out of that van head back to kansas
I'm sendin niggas back up in campuses
Chance is slimmer than that chick in calvin klien pantses
Let me guess they said it was money round here
And the rest is me stoppin you from gettin it correct?
Sorry to hear that my guess is you got work at the hotel
I'll take care of that you'll see now please
Give me the room key
You're twitchin don't do that you makin me nervous
My crew well they do pack them niggas is murderous
So would ya please put your hand back in sight
They don't like to see me nervous you can understand that right?
You draw better be picasso y'know the best
Cause if this is not so ah god bless
You leave me no choice I leave you no voice
Believe me son I hate to do it just as bad as you hate to see it done 
Now calm your boys 
Cause I'm findin it a little hard to concentrate with all the noise
Get the point I'll let ya go 
Before ya leave I guess I aughta let you know I need those keys
And promise you never lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Yeah...
Come experience... life as we know it
As some of you should know it yeah yeah
Place Marcy Brooklyn
Actions... well y'all know the actions
Uhh I got this shorty on my block always clockin my rocks
He likes the style and profile I think he wanna mock
He likes the way I walk he sees my money talkin
to honies hawkin I'm the hottest nigga in New York and
I see his hunger pains I know his blood boils
He wanna run with me I know this kid'll be loyal
I watched him make a few ends to cop his little sneakers and gear
then it's just enough for re-up again
I see myself in his eyes I moved from Levi's
to Guess to Versace now it's diamonds like Liberace
That's just the natural cycle nobody wanna be like Michael
where I'm from just them niggaz who banned from a gun
We out here trying to make hard white into cohhhhld green
I can help shorty blow out like Afro-Sheen
Plus I can relive my days of youth which is gone
That little nigga's peeps it's time to put him on
It's time to come up (and hold my own weight defend my crown)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush 
It's time to come up (stick up my chest and make some loot)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush 
I'm out here slingin bringin the drama tryin to come up
in the game and add a couple of dollar signs to my name
I'm out here servin disturbin the peace life could be better
like my man reclined in plush leather seats
He's sellin weight I'm sellin eight... balls
sixteen tryin to graduate to pushin quarters y'all
I ain't gon' sweat him I'ma let him come to me
If he give me the nod then these niggaz gon' see
I'm tired of bein out here round the clock
and breakin day and chasin crackers up the block for my pay
I'm stayin fresh so chickens check
I'm tryin to step up to the next level pushin Vettes to the Jets
Diamonds reflect from the sun directly in your equilibirum
and stunned I'm waitin for my day to come
I got the urge to splurge I don't wanna lifetime sentence
just give me the word
 Hey fella I been watchin you clockin
 Who me holdin down this block it ain't nothin
You the man nigga now stop frontin
 Hahahh I like your style
 Nah I like YO' style
 Let's drive around awhile
 Cool nigga
 Here's a thou'
 A G? I ride witchu for free
I want the longterm riches and bitches
 Have it all; now listen to me
You let them other niggaz get the name skip the fame
Ten thou' or a hundred G keep yo' shit the same
 On the low?
 Yeah the only way to blow
You let your shit bubble quietly
 AND THEN YOU BLOW!
 Hey keep your cool
The only way to peep a fool is let him show his hand
Then you play your cards
 Then he through dealin I understand
 Don't blow your dough on hotties
 The only thing I got in this world is my word and my nuts
and won't break em for nobody!
 Hah I like resume pick a day lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Hah hah hah hah yeah yeah
What it is player?
You player it's all about you
How you gon' say that man
If I had your hand I'd turn mine in
Far as I'm concerned if I had your hand I cut mines off
Hah man you know man I'm just dealin that hoe money
You know hoe money is slow money but it's sho' money
Check this out man when you run up on your bitch
this this is what you tell her
Stick they hands in they panties grab that knot
Stick they arm in a car window drop it like it's hot
Uhh I talk jewels and spit diamonds all cherry
like a hymen when I'm rhymin with remarkable timin
Caviar and silk dreams my voice is linen
Spittin venom up in the minds of young women
Mink thoughts to think thoughts type similar
Might you remember my shit is col-l-l-ld like December
Smoother than Persian rugs the cashmere
chromosomes make a nigga Jigga Jay-Z lethal drugs
Eighteen carat gold pen when it hits the sheets
Words worth a million like I'm rappin em through platinum teeth
I got the Grey Poupon you been warned
Cause all beef return well done filet mignon
The Don smell of Dom on my breath as I
yawn  when you hoes try to con a pro
As if you didn't know Jay's about gettin dough
Spittin flow like fine wines down your earlobe
I'm smooth but deadly like a pearl handled pistol
Honies hum in melody when I rub it like crystal
The proper etiquette when I drop the subject verb
then the predicate with this rich nigga preterite
I'm solid gold I rap like a mink stole
I stick pearl tongues your world'll never know
From New York to Paris the vocal style vary
From nice to deadly like a bad bag of D now
notice the child swift like a locust
Focus on the loc' I be the greatest nigga that wrote it
Return of the Jedi from Rio Degenero
Worn da red eye yet I still feel the need to be fly
I did die when I'm rappin then slide like satin
You know the black eye white china in the brain cabinet
I never cry if I did I'd cry ice
From my nigga Sauce I hit you with this advice
Life's short so play hard and stick hard
and the only time you love em is when your dick hard
Whoooh! That's cashmere baby
Nah you know that's just laid back man
Man shit J to the A to the Y to the Z
Yeah baby
Motherfuckin pimp that's what he be
Cashmere baby
Don't get no hotter than that
Sho' you're right
Them niggaz know
Check it out check it out
Ghettoes Errol Flynn hot like heroin
Young pimps is sterile when I pimp through your burough in
I gotta keep your tricks intact
Cause I walk like a p-iyimp talk like a mack man
The star player the golden bar layer
The sweet Ms. Fine Thing puh-layah sho' yo right
I'm game tight so watch it it change to night
Go tell your peeps dawg I'm lethal til it ain't right
I pimp hard on a trick look
Fuck if your leg broke bitch lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
(feat. Big Jaz Sauce Money)
Aiyyo Jay word up; these motherfuckers
Fuckin talkin that comeback shit like they cookin crack
Shit I ain't frontin all I want my pockets green like slum change
Yaknahmsayin? Front the roll we roll back like rubbers motherfucker
For real; with no trace of AIDS
We keep our pockets fully blown Roc-A-Fella click nigga
Aiyyo we pattin down pussy from Sugarhill to the Shark Bar
Fuck a bitch D in the marked car
We got the bad bitches gaspin for air in Aspen
Searchin for aspirin when I ask then we swing
You cling we do our thing and bring
Sling your ding-a-ling from Bed-Stuy Brooklyn to Beijing
East coast hostess hostile colossal money flarin
like nostrils for drug dealin apostles huh
Al Pacino down to Nino Brown
Me Jay and Primo got it sewed across the board like poquino
Teflon make sure your jammy is full
Cause I heard Sammy the Bull lamps in Miami with pull
Tropical leaves where I got a few keys
with my man I'll stock a few G's now it's unstoppable cheese
Said we was garbage so fuck college
Street knowledge amazin to scholars when we coin phrases for dollars
Star studded bitches with cristals get fucked with pistols
just to see my shit discharge puss
I drop the stellar even acapella
I got to tell all about Roc-A-Fella
Yeah bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thang
Mannerisms of a young Bobby DeNiro spent spanish wisdoms
in a whip with dinero crime organized like the pharoah
I cream I diamond gleam
High post like Akiem got a lot of things to drop
Brooklyn to Queens I gotta keep my steam
Niggaz wanna try to hem my long jeans
Uptown fiend for Jay-Z to appear on the scene
In the meanwhile here's somethin dope for y'all to lean
Liason for days on in
Money make the world go around so I made songs to spin
Can I Live did dough with my nigs dividends flow
like the Mississippi riv' lookin jig'
Can't do for dolo had to turn away when Tony killed Manolo
That's real mixed feelings like a mulatto
Thug thought he was O.G. Bobby Johnson
I played him like Benny Blanco mano a mano
you ain't ready I find no trigger straight up shoot my guns
horizontal get your weight up I am
two point two pounds you're barely a hundred and twenty-five grams
Wouldn't expect y'all to understand this money
Do the knowledge do the few dollars I'm due to demolish
Crews Brooklyn through Hollis to a hood near you what the fuck...
 - 
Money is power
I'm into cheddick with facial credit
Pure platinum fetish for cheddars
Spread letters you move you're deadish
I make moves that remove pebbles out of shoes
You suck pistol like pipe with the cristal
John Stockton couldn't assist you
Cowboys or Benzes like we foulin in the U.N.
So what the fuck you doin?
Whatever nigga Fahrvegnugen rugged yet polished
Spankin dollars with the commas
bangin bitches out the Bahamas
On hides of llama we cry nada fly frather
Fry hotter you die gotta
Fuck with me witness manana
Absence of malice in my palace
Call cousin now Dallas trigger finger with the callous
Tip scales from mail to keep these niggaz off balance
Your frequent stops to O.T.B. you feedin me
Steam a nigga schemin on the wrist action with the gleams
Jewels for Pop Duke fulfill your dreams
Never put the pure brown sugar before the dirty green cream
"Yeah lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Stress
Sunshine geyeah
I sold it all from crack to o-pium in third person
I don't wanna see em so I'm rehearsin
with my peoples high to GM from a remote lo-cation
in the BM scopin the whole situation like 
Metamorphic as the dope turns to cre-am
but one of these buyers got eyes like a Korean
It's difficult to read em the windows to his soul
are half closed I put the key in
Pulled off slow hopin my people flee-in
Chink tried to knock the only link that tied me in
Coppers was watchin us through nighttime binoculars
This time they got us on tape exchangin dope for dollars
Make me wanna holler back at the crib in the sauna
Prayin my people bailed out like Time/Warner
Awaitin call from his kin not the coroner
Phone in my hand nervous confined to a corner
Beads of sweat second thoughts on my mind
How can I ease the stress and learn to live with these regrets
This time... stress... givin this shit up... fuck
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive gotta learn to live with regrets
On the rise to the top many drop don't forget
In order to survive gotta learn to live with regrets
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive gotta learn to live with regrets
And through our travels we get seperated never forget
In order to survive gotta learn to live with regrets
As sure as this Earth is turning souls burning
in search of higher learning turning in every direction seeking direction
My moms cryin cause her insides are dyin
her son tryin her patience keep her heart racin
A million beats a minute I know I push you to your limit
but it's this game love I'm caught up all in it
They make it so you can't prevent it never give it
you gotta take it can't fake it I keep it authentic
My hand got this pistol shakin cause I sense danger
like Camp Crystal Lake and
don't wanna shoot him but I got him trapped
within this infrared dot bout to hot him and hit rock bottom
No answers to these trick questions no time shit stressin
My life found I got ta live for the right now
Time waits for no man can't turn back the hands
once it's too late gotta learn to live with regrets
You used to hold me told me that I was the best
Anything in this world I want I could posess
All that made me want is all that I could get
In order to survive gotta learn to live with regrets... 
I found myself reminiscin remember this one
when he was here he was crazy nice with his son
I miss him long as I'm livin he's livin through memories
He's there to kill all my suicidal tendencies
In heaven lookin over me or in hell keepin it cozy
I'm comin life on these streets ain't what it's supposed to be
Remember Newton mutual friend well me and him feudin
On your life I tried to talk to him
But you know niggaz think they guns can stop foe niggaz
Frontin like they're Big Willie but really old niggaz
Hoe niggaz this year I'm sho' niggaz think I'm slippin
I'm bought to send you a roommate no bullshittin
for my hustle's goin too well to hit him
You was right niggaz want you to be miserable wit em
Anyway I ain't tryin to hear it I think I'm touched
this whole verse I been talkin to your spirit a little too much
Roc-A Roc-A Roc-A lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Geyeah y'all nigaas finished yo
Is y'all niggas finished
Got your little radio play your little BDS huh
You finished nigga huh huh y'all finished
Can I live huh
Can I live Joe your bein' stingy with the music bin yo
Yo yo...yo I blacks out I pulls the mack out
Scream "Whats that about" then I clap out
I get my plot on in my drop on
Through the rotten dont even hate on those who hate me
I got popped on feelin' it 
Chickens are ice grillin' it
Cops pullin' it over Jigga react militant
Speed off officer told me to turn the beat off
I turned it a level higher then return the devils fire
I'm raised different reactin' situations
Niggas lay stiff and rookies blame it on the age difference
My subliminal flows create criminal O's
Sing along if you with me til the end of the road
I'm cynical when in the view of the public
And this is because I'm defensive when I'm in interviews
The percentage who dont understand is higher than the percentage who do
Check yourself what percentage is you?
Can I live
For all my niggas with all white airforce ones and black guns stack ones yo
Can I live 
For all my chicks pigeons hoes stand bow legged like the bulldog know what 
I mean huh?
Can I live
To all the ce-lo champs two green dice and one red stop the bank and roll 
heads yo
Can I live
To all my niggas who drink hennesy straight cop mix tapes and sell weight 
niggas
I got the feds sending me letters 'cause Im schooling the youth
But they cant lock me down 'cause my tool is the truth
Yeah I sold drugs for a living thats a given
Why is it? why dont y'all try to visit the neighboorhoods I lived in
My mind been through hell my neighborhood is crime central
Where cops lock you more than try to defend you
I push you to the limit when I'm needing the wealth
And all I see is life cycle just repeatin' itself
Ran into shorty boppin' down the ave
On his way to clockin' mad then
He proceeded to show me a block of slab and said
Aiyyo theres money I there I just gotta have
When I catch up to these feinds Im'a knock 'em on they ass
Not to brag sometimes I look at life and laugh
How I think about school and it taught me not a ???
When I backed out let one one let the barrel turn
Holla at you faggots that its my block to burn
That credit you dead it I know heads gettin' annoyed and knew all
About a dope feind before reading donald goings
Flipping boying using the right cut
One thing thats fucked up is bad dope that I cant pump
This slab gotta re-up and rebag blend it in with the raw
Bubble it fast cop more once I get it I got it I lock it
Nobody pop shit selling twenties on my block bitch
For some blacktop shit
What you want nigga what you want nigga
What you want what you want nigga
Can I live...
To all my niggas that hold coke and they bubble coat
Tryin' to win in the construction Timbs yo
Can I live...
Yo USA all my chicks that strip boo's go to the store with the dewey pins 
still in
All my chicks with the credit card scams two kids one job and no man
All my chicks gettin' that washing set with their welfare check
All the mommies dame besa alright?
All my niggas rockin' them fifty cats tryin' to get at this rap
Know what I mean?
All my cats with open cases big cars and no licenses I like that shit 
I'll see y'all
All my niggas at St. Pauls after they say some fucked up shit
Rock on and uh Jigga shit Rockafella forever yo
Uhh Major Coins yeah lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Uh-uhh-uh ge-ge-geyeah
You belong to the city (Uh-uhh-uh what what)
You belong to the night (Uh-uhh-uh ge-ge-geyeah)
In the river of darkness
He's a man of the night
Uhh yeah
What the deal playboy just rest your soul
I be holding it down yo still love the dough
Got these ladies on the cock now you know how we go
Got the whole world on lock down you know how we flow
Don't worry about Brooklyn I continue to flame
Therefore a world with amnesia won't forget your name
You held it down long enough let me take those reigns
And just like your spirit the commision remains
Niggaz can cross the T's and dots the I's
Now that I got too popular to cop them pies
I'm takin this rap shit serious to my demise
Jay shit's like cake mix watch me rise
Basics in the basement waste it
Asking my dog for advice so when he can't say shit
my hatred is fueled just give me a sign
And I let the world know that the city is mine what?
You belong to the city (The city is mine what-what-what)
You belong to the night (Ge-ge-geyeah uh-uhh-uh pa-pau)
In the river of darkness
He's a man of the night (The city is mine that's right...)
[Verse Two: Jay-Z
Y'all want to know how I flow just seek and you find
I'm like a brain in the voicebox I speak my mind
About to redefine rap mami either I'm
the illest nigga doing it or these niggaz is losin it
I read a article that said I was ruinin shit
But every time I look I'm movin units in quick
So I'ma hit y'all with these last two and split
and leave niggaz with nothing but my influences-es
Soon it's the Jigga I ain't mad yeah bite my shit
Sell half of what I sell because it's not quite my shit
I'm the type to buy a Roley and just ice my shit
on the spot fuck comin back twice to shit
How real is that? My floss game still intact
Boss game you lame dudes can't feel that
Like the first dude to cop the 850 and 89
and drove it up to 55th the city is mine what?
You belong to the city 
You belong to the night (Yeah uhh the city is mine)
In the river of darkness (Pa-pa feel me)
He's a man of the night (Yeah yeah bounce bounce)
I snatch your girl cause your arm ain't strong enough
Plus ya don't stay in the studio long enough
I make hits while y'all stay hatin and take bricks
Had it locked til I came in the club Take 6
Got your chick cause you swore she was innocent
Got her a Chinese manicure hair done by Dominicans all for what
So I could be in a dark corner all in the butt
at the bar alchoholing her up
I represent the lifestyle of those who thirst cream
A buck fifty a shot Louis the Thirteenth
Jay-Z Roc-A-Fella yo know the name
I ain't a player get it right I'm controllin the game
From now until they blow holes in my frame
I'ma stand firm holdin my aim feel me?
I'm the focal point like Biggie in his prime
on the low though - shhhhh lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Somebody's pulling me closer to the ground
I ain't panicked I been here before
Seems like only yesterday when I got up on that stage
In front of that crowd
And showed them who was who and what was what
Man look at these suckers
I ain't no rapper I'm a hustler
It just so happens that I know how to rap
Okay I'm reloaded!
I did it again niggaz
Fucked up right? I know
I know what y'all niggaz asking yourself
Is he gonna ever fall off?
No...
...a lot of speculation
on the monies I've made honeys I've slayed
How is he for real? Is that nigga really paid?
Hustlers I've met or dealt with direct
Is it true he slay the beef and slept with a tech?
What's the position you hold? Can you really match
a triple platinum artist buck by buck by only a single goin gold?
Roc-A-Fella ship fold and you're left out in the cold
Is it back to charging motherfuckers 11 for an O
For the millionth time askin me
Questions like Wendy Williams harrassin me
then get upset when I catch feelings
Can I get a minute to breathe? And in that minute you leave
While I'm looking at my Rol' ice spinnin on my sleeve
Uh nice watch do you really have a spot?
Like you said in Friend or Foe and if so what block?
What you doin in L.A. with phillipinos and ese's
Latinos and Cheve's down by Pico withh Frederico
I answer all your questions but then y'all got to go
Now the question I ask you is how bad you want to know? BLAOW!
Roc-A-Fella y'all uhh uh
Know my style
Motherfuckers can't rhyme no more bout crime no more
Til I'm no more cause I'm so raw
My flow expose holes that they find in yours
Wasn't for me niggaz still be dying for whores
But I hate when a nigga sit back admirin yours
Young blood you better get that we frying baccars
Niggaz don't want to be confined to riding the iron horse
And don't listen to the rappers they dying to floss
I used to be O.T. applyin the force
Shoot up the whole block then the iron I toss
Come back with the click playing Diana Ross
I'm the boss and this is how it's gonna be
Burnt the turnpike wild miles on the V
I got mouths to feed till they put flowers on me
And kiss my cold cheek chicks crying like I was Cochise
Tombstone read 'He Was Holdin No Leaks'
Started from the crack game and then so sweet
Freaked it to the rap game Jigga the old-G
On MTV telling em how I sold D
And used to back work up out of apartment 4-B
Me and my homie started out coldies
Picked the mailbox lock cause I ain't have no key
Had the cable with the anchor when Jaz made 'Sophie'
Then I went low key but now I'm back it's on
Motherfuckers
Jigga uh-huh yeah
Roc-A-Fella y'all
Uhh lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
(feat. Lil' Kim Puff Daddy)
Peep the scripts
Gold honey from the whips
Jumped out like YO! 
Who the fuck you with
Flash the juice 'cause that's the rule
Damn I like a girl who spend a little cash for her shoes ***
Natural - Can I get at you?
Saw a spot on the body look nice with a tattoo
With my name but didn't want to jump the gun
I Didn't Know how many niggas was humping hon
I said I never seen a face like yours before
And I been around some cute whores before
That either me or my boys tore it up before
So I'm hoping you different 
Let you push the 6
And give you a different life and
Baby if it's right jump on it in the morning
And ride it 'til the night
Want to buy you real jury when it hits the light
Bitches are momentarily lose they sight
She said
I know what boys like
I know what they want
I know what boys like boys like
I know what boys like
I know what they want
I know what boys like boys like me
So want a cutie with a booty like OW!
Deeper than the MOW!
Airy Shine like TADOW!
But I'm a real bitch so you know I do real things
Only real bitches live like queens - Get it?
Safety deposit in the walk-in closet
Marvel Forts is for matching Rolls Royce's
In the driveway from Monday to Friday
I be the richest shitting on these bitches
While chickens cluck giving up the butt
I blaze the cut with the daddy raw buff
You can call me a slut
Who gives a fuck
That's fine nigga shit
I'm a good with mine
I can tell by your shoes you know what I want
Fuck a prenup give me half up front
My sex be the best so we split these costs
You can stop saying mine
And start saying ours
I know what girls like
I know what they want
They want to sex me
They think I'm sexy
I know what girls like girls like me
I know what boys like
I know what they want
They want to sex me
They think I'm sexy
I know what boys like boys like me
Got the bomb place fireplace John Blaze
Victoria Secret lingerie
Ice like Don King 
The price was like 8 digits a long way shit
Got the beachfront view
V1 too
Cop you one cop me one too
On the place jetski's park by the lake
No neighbors make all the noise you want to make
Invite your friends over
Better make their way through 
The Benz's and the Rovers before they reach the door
Vacate hey wait a week or more
First class to and fro freakin off
Got the ham things lot
Champaigne popped
Cruise around the world 'til the damn thing stop
Cop rembrandt handle pay the lot
Can't complain we balling true or not?
I know what girls like
I know what they want
I know what girls like girls like
I know what girls like
I know what they want
I know what girls like girls like me
I know what boys like
I know what they want
I know what boys like boys like
I know what boys like
I know what they want
I know what boys like lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Yeah
I mean like
I gotta be like the pioneer to this shit you know
I was popping that Cristal
when all y'all niggaz thought it was beer and shit you know
Wearing that platinum shit
when all y'all chicks thought it was silver and shit
I got to be the pioneer of this shit
Bottom line
I'm going to show you how to do it
Check it
I spit that other shit 
That's the nice motherfucker shit
Fed time follow me around deep cover shit nigga
You beer money I'm all year money
I'm popping you ain't got to count it it's all there money
I never change money 'cause niggas got strange money
Knocked up marked up fucked up in the game money
I got bail money XXL money 
You got flash now one time we'll reveal money
I spit the hottest shit you need it I got it shit
That down South Master P Bout It Bout It shit
I got blood money straight up thug money
That brown paper bag under your mattress drug money 
You got show dough little to no dough
Sell a bunch of records and you still owe dough 
I got 900 and 96 plus 4 more dough
You crazy you full gazy and loco with dough papo
Imaginary Players
And now you got these young cats acting like they slung cats
All in they dumb rap talking about how they funds stack
When I see them in the street I don't see none of that
Bad playboy where the fuck is the hummer at?
Where is all the ice with all the platinum under that?
Those ain't rolex diamonds what the fuck you done to that?
Y'all rapping-ass niggas y'all funny to me
Selling records being you but still you want to be me
I guess for every buck you make it's like a hundred for me
And still you running around thinking you got something on me
But I done did it
And y'all want to take my flow and run with it
That's cool I was the first one with it
Original jiggas the future flow digital
Still busting a gat when she gets critical
Sit it down I don't want y'all to get it confused
I rip it down like I ain't got nothing to lose
Groupies I leave them all fucked 
Niggas - all struck
Your single was 99 cents mines was 4 bucks
Last year when niggas thought it was all up
But this year I've done it again jigga! 
What the fuck
Nigga stop whining jigga still shining
Niggas kept complaining so I copped more diamonds
Rock more Versace ain't nothing sweet
I still throw t'ree in your body fleeing the party
Y'all can't go with me nope flow with me 
Bet 50 not dollars either I brought some dough with me
I flow like the 5 series in various areas
And blow holes in your weak niggas theories
It's funny how one verse can fuck up the game
You bought a 4.0 you better get your change
Ain't no platinum in those Cartiers switch your frame
Ain't no manicures on board lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
Uh-huh uh huh uh
Gee-gee-geyeah
Baby watchin streets
Uh-huh uh huh uh
You don't have to look
Uh-huh uh
The streets is watching
Check it check
Uh-huh uh check
Look if I shoot you I'm brainless
But if you shoot me then you're famous -- what's a nigga to do?
When the streets is watching blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break make your first mistake
Can't ignore it that's the fastest way to get extorted
But my time is money at twenty-five I can't afford it
Beef is sorted like Godiva chocolates
niggaz you bought it I pull the slide back and cock it
Plan aborted you and your mans get a pass
This rhyme you're operating on fuck time
Y'all niggaz ain't worth my shells all y'all niggaz
tryin to do is hurt my sales and stop trips to John McNale
The type to start a beef then run to the cops
When I see you in the street got one in the drop
Would I rather be on tour getting a hundred a pop
Taking pictures with some bitches in front of the drop
The streets is watching
When the streets is watching
Blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break make your first mistake
Can't ignore it
Now it's hard not to kill niggaz
It's like a full time job not to kill niggaz can't chill
the streets is watching you when you froze your arms
niggaz wanna test you and your gun goes warm
Can't get caught with your feet up gotta keep your heat up
Sweet niggaz running 'round swearing shit is sweeter
Once you're tagged lame the game is follow the leader
Everybody want a piece of your scrilla so you gotta keep it realer
Kidnap niggaz wanna steal ya
Broke niggaz want no cash they just wanna kill ya
for the name niggaz don't know the rules
Disrespectin the game want you to blow your cool
Force your hand of course that man's plottin
Smarten up the streets is watching it's on
My street mentality flip bricks forever know me and money
we like armed co-defendants nigga we stick together
Shit whatever for this cheddar ran my game into the ground
Hustle harder to see if indictment time came around
Now you can look up and down the streets and I can't be found
Put in twenty-four hour shifts but that ain't me now
Got a face too easy to trace niggaz mouths got slow leaks
Had to hide between my workers couldn't play those streets
She got his face like Mercury you jerkin me? Hectic
Had to call upon my wolves to send niggaz the message
I said this: 'Let's play fair and we can stay here
I'm trying to transform you Boyz II Men like daycare'
Hey there's money to be made and niggaz got the picture
Stopped playing with my paper and we got richer
Then hard times fell upon us half of my staff
had warrants the other half in the casket lay dormant
I felt like life was cheating me for the first time
in my life I was getting money but it was like my concious was eating me
Was this a lesson God teaching me? Was he saying that?
I'm playing the game straight from Hell from which few came back
like bad coke pimp or die was my mindframe bad
Was niggaz thinkin simplify was turning cocaine crack?
Ain't a whole lot of brain to that just trying to maintain a stack
and knock a lot like two trains that's on the same track
'Fore I get my life together like the oars I bring back
In the bottom of the pot where no water gets hot
Got my transporter take it 'cross the border then stop
Set up shop with a quarter of rock here's the plan
For three straight weeks niggaz slaughtered the block
But you know the game is 'lluted fucked up me and my dues
One drop can wipe a nigga out faster than the cops
and this unstable way of living just had to stop
Half of my niggaz got time we done real things
By ninety-four became the subject of half of y'all niggaz rhymes
Public apoligies to the families of those caught up in my street
But that's the life for us lost souls brought up in the streets
The life and times of a demonic mind excited with crime
And the lavish luxuries that just excited my mind
I figured 'Shit why risk myself I just write it in rhymes
And let you feel me and if you don't like it then fine'
The mindstate lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
I'm done talking
Ran up in the spot gun smoking
Shot it in the air one woke him
Sun-soaking sweating in his bed like Dunlo
Thinking to himself what done provoked him
His thoughts is racing like a vulcan
I swear I saw a lightbulb when
He finally figured out who was the culprit
I said yeah remember me from Friend or Foe when
I told you don't ever ever come around here no more
Time to pay now you try to rise I wave the gun - lay down
This time you're really going to listen to Jay now
I try to talk sensibly hoping that eventually you realize
I had this locked and it just wasn't meant to be
Plus I had sympathy when we all wore rams with your keys
And it wasn't afterthought that maybe you'll try to revenge me
But I was like  Chromes had to know he was wrong
And if you caught me on the foul now you would sing me the same song
Plus you promised
And that's really no fun 
Yeah I find you in this Motel 6 with all these guns
And all your goons lined up in adjoining rooms
Like some wild cowboys coming to get me at high noon
But my mind's like a flower in bloom
*** my eyes just scower the room
I'm alert plus I paid the clerk I got it laid out
You think you the first nigga I played out in a 2 hotel town? 
Come on now I peep your Lexus at you
Left the exit got some niggas on that side of the town
Money well invested rudely interrupted
Jamaican accents *** 
A gun in your face and that's all you can come up with?
I'm done talking back up and clap them one in the abdomen 
Do me a favor dude get 2 ice cubes I pass them
Take that ice up for the nicest MC
And please yo tell BIG lyrics
Jay-Z Lyrics
How can you fairly assess something from the outside looking in?
There's gotta be them times you'll be wrong. Nah Mean?
How can a mother fucka go round and hate a nigga 
he never even met that he dont even know and shit?
I think this rap shit is all beef
Y'all dont even know every day I'm livin with stress
Got up out the streets you think a nigga could rest
Can't even enjoy myself at a party unless
I'm on the dance floor hot ass vest
You think I'm freakin' these chicks right?
I'try not to brush against they chest
You get a lawsuit for shit like that I feel trapped
Swear to everything when I leave this earth
It's gon' be on both feet never knees in the dirt
You could try me fucka but when I squeeze it hurts fine
We'll lose two lives yours and mines
Gimme any amount of time dont let Ms. Carter grieve
at the funeral parlor drippin' tears on my sleeve
Told the judge didn't budge it was him or me
and I ain't trying to be hard but I'm guilty as charged
Put my mercy on this court and my faith in God 
And pray hard none of my nephews wanna be stars...Lucky Me
You only know what you see 
You dont understand what it takes to be me.
I hate all girls with alterior motives
That's why I'm twenty plus years old no sons no daughters
Hate putting my life in the hands of fake promoters
Hear the hate in my voice right? I hate that you noticed
Niggas wanna strip to the bone for shit you own
Hate a nigga like that faggot get your own
Hate that I can't roam the street without the clip and chrome
Knowing one day Im'a have to flip c'mon
You know the shit don't stop 'til the Crist don't pop
And you have to kill a nigga and your wrist don't lock
I'm trapped the whole worlds against me in fact
It aint no turning back. Bring It On
Hate the price of fame cause it cost too much
Can I live without y'all niggas saying I floss too much?
Hate the way you make this hate flow all through us
Steady looking for flaws through us.... Lucky Me
[Chorus: Karen Anderson Jay-Z]
You only know what you see 
You dont understand what it takes to be me
You only know what you see 
(Since I was 4 years old I been told everything that glitters ain't gold)
You dont understand what it takes to be me 
Nigga see you in the street pretend to be friendly
But I know any type of success breeds envy
I know in the back of your mind your conjuring ways to hen me
Leave my friends in a circle pouring out Henny
But G's is heaven bound so how I'm gon' receive 
Anything y'all pour to the ground next time throw it up
And ain't nothing changed so even in my afterlife I show it up
Dont grieve for me my art remains
like a dart from the speaker to your heart
Spiritually through the portal now my words as a mortal
Plan to leave without a fight I plant a seed I give life
Though I can't see past the girls greed to call her wife
Next time your thinking heist better be precise
Cause I'm fully prepared. One of us is gon' leave here
I have no regrets even though I wanna see grow
My godsons Boogie lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Whoa... so hard
Jews is never supposed to go ham but fuck it
Okay dat boy D I C K Y ballin
I been spitting hella writtens cause I'm fittna get ma wallet good
Bitches know I holla good
Graduated college with a bag of fucking honors but instead of making dollars
I been acting like a kiddd
Rapping bout ma fucking dickkk
And what started as a joke became the hottest fucking shit
Killin bitches Michael Vickin women you know what dis is
Semi colons in ma texts ma instant message game is sick ho
Fuck that shit when I rub that bitch
When I be up in the club I gotta tuck that dick
When I bring a chicken back and then I fuck that bitch
I'm a cum quick I ain't playin witcha
Ay you kno I'm spittin crack up on the track
I'm not attacking all you blacks
Who try to rap but I'm just sayin that
I'm coming for these muthafuckin brothas makin money
Errybody love the funny little buddy makin jams now
Ladies get dem pants down
Sorry to my God and my synoguge and my mom because this kike is goin ham now
I ain't on that kosher shit
Facebook I be poking chicks
Came up in the 90's yeah I'm on some hocus pocus shit
Ion't push a lotus I'm drivin a fuckin focus
But notice that I got the coldest and dopest designer sodas
I'm an izze sippin biddie kissin muthafuckin G
The way cum on chickens call lil dicky mozzarella cheese
I'm getting pussy getting bread I get a lot of fucking yeast
And I been dustin diamonds off they bout to call lil dicky screech whoa
Tampon shit
Cause I rap for da flow
And I get a lotta bitches when I mac like a pro
Gotta mac it's a pro
Never nap but I doze
I'm a little bit of black like I shat in the snow
And I know ya'll bitches feelin that
Ain't as nobody real as that I'm
Rapping like Jamaica's population I been killin trackssss
See dem bitches over there?
Please don't fucking over stare
Das who I be stroking young and smoking like they over DARE
Okay I was joking I don't know dem I should grow a pair
But I am not the most efficient closer when I'm sober scared
So I'm drinkin lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Ey what's going on man?
It's your boy Lil Dicky
A.K.A Mr. Left-Ward-Sloping-Penis
I got a story for y'all man
Peep this
Yes sir
Now I been dating this girl named Katie she hot as hell
And her body crazy vagina shaven and it don't smell
And I don't fall for chickens
But this one a little different
Body sickening
Plus she really good at making breaded chicken
Got me thinking she the one man
Even fully clothed shawty really fun man
Get a lotta hoes but none of those come close
I swear this the most that I've felt so damn exposed
Oh yeah there's one more thing
And I know this shit gonna sound insane
But I still haven't hit it
I admit it I wish I was kidding
Never been up inside before
Because shes only fucked one guy before
And though I really wanna boink this whore
She ma sweetie 3.14
So I'm staying patient and masturbating
And now ma heart is sorta racing
Cause she said tonight will be the night we do some fornicating
Hell yeah I'm down I'm bout to go all out
I'm gonna pound that crazy like an elaborate black man handshake
But on the way to crib we pass this kid
And he seem to know who Katie is
So I say  and she say
Dicky this is my ex boyfriend Jim"
And I ain't usually the one to be the jealous type
But as I'm looking at this dude I can't believe my eyes
Cause he's the best looking guy that I've seen in my whole life
He's got the thickest head of hair chiseled jaw an egregious bod
Man this the closest thing I've seen to a Grecian God
And now I'm looking at ma chick cause his dick's been inside her raw
Awww damn
Man this is crazy
I can't believe this guy used to fuck ma lady
I bet he left that pussy ravaged like Haiti
Katie's hugging and squeezing his shoulder blades
And I'm bugging and queasy this ain't okay
And then they say  so I say okay
Even though I was about to get laid!
Man this motherfucker look like Ashton
Combined with a little Hugh Jackman
In other words he's so damn attractive
So damn tan he gotta have a little black in him
Now I'm in the back with him sipping on some 'gnac with him
And he paying for it all he investment banking...
I'm acting like I ain't distracted
But I'm reenacting him and Katie banging
And now I'm feeling pissed so I go and take a piss
Mid stream I look left and guess who it is
And I had to see and I was mad discrete
And I got on my tippy toes and I took a little peek
Oh my God Becky look at that cock
And I ain't usually the one to be the jealous type
But as I'm looking at his dick I can't believe my eyes
Because he's got the biggest cock that I've seen in my whole life
And now I'm staring at this dude's soft dick with a lotta hate
Because the shit is plus 8 like Jon and Kate
And I don't know if I can date ma girl after tonight
Aw damn
I don't know what to do
Dude's dick is really huge
I didn't realize a penis could be so smooth
I know she's mission that
My penis isn't that
I'm looking closer I think that his dick has abs
Six pack on a dick
Now what the fuck is that
It's so long and thick
It's like a punching bag
I'm saying it's so shaven head is amazing
Got ma dick looking like a raisin
Skin tone insane man he's hung like Saddam Hussein it's crazy
What the fuck should I do?
He gotta Ruth's Chris dick and mine's a drive through...
I think it's time to
Tell Katie ma goodbyes
Cause I simply can't survive
After seeing what was in between his thighs
So I tell her
That this dude's gotta dick that I don't comprehend
I had to move ma neck to see it end to end
I mean the physics of his dick just don't make any sense
And I think it's for the best if this comes to an end
Because the sex with him must have been the best
And I would say let's just be friends
But I think I would just think about his dick all the time so goodbye
Then she told me Dicky I don't really know what to say
Because I dated this dude in the second grade
So I don't know about his dick now let's go home and get you laid
And then I took her to ma crib and you know that we barely slept
And I gave her an O like I was selling crack lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Yeah... sounds kinda beautiful don't it?
Fair warning I'm about to shit on it
Let's go let's go let's go
Okay now you already know that Dicky been about that flow all day
I used to beg to get blow J's I'm over head now stowaway
My team about that money tho we scrappin fo that dummy dough
Don't act like das yo money ho das nacho cheese das doritos
And I spit that hot shit all day long gotta room full a hot chicks no Krayshawn
And you know they blonde got em in suede thongs
And they ass meat lookin like filet mignon
You can find me back a da club I'm wylin
Shots in a mafuckan mug I'm buyin
No I ain't a mafuckan thug but I will cut a rug in this mafucka
Carpet violence
In the crib with dat AC on
No fib ya girl up in a lacy thong
Cause the kid been known to make a racy song
Dicky got it goin on like I'm Stacy's mom
I'm higher than I ever been flyer than a pelican
No lie see mo vagina than a common OBGYN
I'm ballin whatchu know bout that
In a purple charlotte throwback hat
And I merc these tracks when I heard this rap
Got me actin like I'm erkel did I do that
Hell yeah I did you know I do it
And the way they fallin for me like I'm boys with cupid
In a truck with a slut with a butt get a nut
Call that bitch bill buckner the way she blew it
I'm high off weed and oxycodon
I'm a caffeine fiend takin shots a soda
Wish I was big pimpin on a yacht with Hova
But I'm happy that ma girl lemme motorboat her
I make this shit look easy dude
I spit dat sick dat sneeze achu
And who knew that baddest was a
Nappy headed greasy Jew?
Dicky spit that Jewish flow
Lil Dicky spit that Jewish flow
Sicker than the holocaust
Dat muthafuckin jewish flow
That third reich raw
Concentration camp cold
Now we rollin in that mothafuckin dough
Das dat Jewish flow
Dicky spit that Jewish flow
Lil Dicky spit that Jewish flow
Sicker than the holocaust
Dat muthafuckin jewish flow
That Auschwitz sick gas chamber kinda shit
Now I got german bitches all up on ma dick
Das dat jewish flow
Blowin up you know that's DI
Flowin since ya boy was knee high
Now I'm grown up and ya'll buggin cause I'm buzzin like a beehive
Shout out to my city Philly big ups to PA
I went to college in VA but now I'm chillin by the bay
And I got ma shit on lock cause I ball like a jock
They attached to my balls like a small little cock
No bullshit dicky do it big no doubt
And ya girl in the whirpool wet no draught
And she get so loud I be like slow down
Lemme relish this shit girl no kraut
And then I beat that like it was a title bout
And then I plant my seed that ho got plowed
Ew you so nasty lil dicky you so nasty
I got green knees why you keep yo crib so grassy?
I do it how I do it baby swag out the ass
And I'm shittin on you dick heads like a drag the asshooole
Don't cha know my girls DTF
And they pretty damn fine das PDF
I'm a open that I'm a cum press that
I got Adobe Acrobat
Ma homies say that pussy takes a toll on dudes
But my EZ pass dick just slides right through ooo
You know that dicky bout to bubble up
Fresha than a mothafuck
I gotta gang a bitches whatchu know about a cluster fuck
The back of the crack of that ass is poking outcha pants
I'm a crack from the back and ejaculate all on that ass
N'amsayin I'm cool ass mafucka try to see me
If you want ma life better find a genie
In the club tryna choose but I'm bein greedy
So you know I pick six like a deion TD
Cause I got that swag that y'all don't have
Is that yo girl das ma bad
The sickest shit out two lips heavy flow lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
And y'ain't even want it with da boy
Cause the way I'm livin life is a muthafuckin joy
On some grown man B.I.
I could have been a girl
Or any ethnicity up in the world
But I'm rollin with the top back
I ain't gotta worry where the cops at
I ain't gotta wear a fucking bra strap
Me and the crew
Are really doing everything that we like to
Man it's a damn good day to be a white dude
Shit I'm living good up in this bitch
Dicky rollin round the city blowin good up in that wip
I ain't black or Dominican not Hispanic or Indian
So imprisonment is not a predicament I envision
For a white boy
Hollatcha muthafuckin kike boy
Higher than a muthafuckin kite it's iight boi
They ain't suspicious of jews
I'll show contrition it's cool
Slap on the wrist get ma daddy to choose
One of them top lawyers dat be rollin round in his crew
I'm eating chop soy and bowlin on a carnival cruise
Das what I do kid
Happy that my name ain't stupid
Dave coulda been Daquan with a few kids
But now I'm farting overeating at meals
If ain't I gotta theme party Ion't be at goodwill
I'm dentist paying tennis playing smellin on some cabernet
And I ain't gay but if I was everything would be okay look...
I know I'm being condescending in ma rhymes
But ma premium channels mean tyler perry's never live
Getting tickets they sick I sit at the eagle 45
Where I'm eating when I'm high's where they eat at to survive 
Yeah. It's little DI in this bitch ho
Happy that I'm white but relieved I ain't a chick yo
I never wake up and have to cake on ma make up
Or straighten hair I ain't given a damn
I'm wearing whatever I wanna in this muthafucka
They up in heels
And tummy tuckin theyon't grub except for takin them pills foreal...
And ion't bleach shit
Ion't gotta eat dick
I ain't bleeding up out ma penis
Smoking the weed ion't fall asleep because I'm cheefing
In disagreements I participate without weeping
And when I'm freaking I'm getting daps high fives and all that
Ma rep goin up and at best ho a slut
So what up
Ya boy cut up
But eat butter
And I ain't gotta speak to ma mother... to still love her
And I been getting better looking with age
But a guy can get who he deserves with a horrible face
Seal interlude
I go on dates and never have to worry bout getting raped
And I watch a game and never have to worry bout how it's played
And I meet a babe and never have to act deliriously fake
And if impregnate I can pack a back and be on my way but good luck girl!
Yeah... I'm happy as fuck man
First off I'm a dude so
There was a one in two chance of that sucking
But now I can run a seven minute mile
I can defend my self adequately
I can be logical
I can get along with my room-mates
Watch serious movies without being scared by them
And the on top of that I'm white
Which is like amazing because
Everybody naturally assumes I'm a great person
I get a fair shot at the life I deserve
I mean I could underachieve my way into any college in the country
I get my hair cut at a salon
People hold the door open for me which is nice
Er I never have to get into a fight like for social purposes
And please don't take this as me just disparaging black people
It ain't about that
It's about me being happy that I'm white know what I'm saying?
But on that note could someone explain to me why Fat Joe and any other person of Hispanic descent is allowed to say the N-word
I mean I guess it's unrelated but like that shit don't make any sense
I've been thinking about that shit a lot
Because like if I could say the N-word lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Yeah
Eh this gon' be the shit that when motherfuckers hear it
They gon' be like 'Damn that dude can rap'
Know what I'm saying?
Like like like like
Look I'm the man bro
Iont really care what the fuck you think
Steak look rare but I grub dat pink
And the grundle stink
And I bump N-sync
Don't suck dick but I blow dat good
Don't want shit but a ho that would
Lemme hold dat bend and fold that
Get a Kodak cowboy Jerry Jones dat lemme own that
Word... fuck that girl
Jew got hair never cut them curls
Truth or dare with a cute au paire
Get a room to share hit a boom Pat Burrell
Spit dat turd das dat shit
Gotcha girl up on ma dick
I'm bout to sperm up on dem hips
Don't wanna murder us a kid
Oh shit... whatchu say
Don'tchu do this erry day?
Don'tchu usually go with double meat when you eat chipotle
Don't your crew lack someone black but you want one to hang no slave
And I heard your boo got so much back like she bangin' that Notre Dame clock
Faded tho.
Fuckin bitches you'd label undateable
Missing birthdays hay belated brah
Naked out in san fran on that rooftop
I got tan cans no tube top
Cause I'm the mafuckan man goddamn
And these mafuckas bitches full a shit like zoo mops so
Look you can do it you can say it
I been through it you can play it
Yea I'm jewish so I'm praying das yo boo cause I'm a take her.
Dinner at the crib feedin kobe like a laker
You know what it is I'm a mafuckan K-I-K-E
You don't play wanna play D
Goin down low on ya dame
Getcha mafuckin weight up
You can find a cracker getting paid like a sedar
All day
Word up
All K
Whoa afikoman in a flow das a pro
Whatchu know bout dicky creamin up in hoes
No ho ho
Whatchu know about a balla
Born and raised on the kaballah
Tryna make a dollar until I'm cakin and stackin challa
I'm hollerin atcha daughter like when the fuck you tryna get it
Dat vagina fitted custom for humpin dis little dicky
Puffin' sticky while she bangin' on my wood
Superstitious pussy good
Cooter vicious within a minute I finished
But I ain't trippin off no quick nut
And no pain in the butt ma shit's tough
And ma dick's sucked and yo dick sucks
But real talk I could never give an inch up
We tippin cups in the strip club no flip cup
With a fit butt rubbin on my Nike zip up
No whisenhunt but them bad bitches get cut
Gotta get up so the dick tucked
What the fuck you doin
This that heavy fuckin flow
Word to pads
Wearing out a lotta boxes on the road
Word to plaid
And I gotta have my pops no cereal
Das word to dad
Watching Breaking Bad fucking with' Hank and sippin tab boi.
Yeah I'm saying
If they can say the N word
I sure as fuck can say Kike
Do something about it lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Another Friday afternoon
Dicky chillin in his room
Got a teddy on the bed you bet he playing little spoon
Pimpin I ain't fittna move shit
Bitches getting stupid
But I ain't getting hammered less you handing me a tool kit
And yea I know the cool kids are drinkin at the bar
But I just ate a chicken parm
And then got faded in ma car
And there's tomato on ma navel as I'm layin in ma arms
Debating if it's safe to wait because bathrooms kinda far
Goddamn.
I don't wanna go nowhere
Why the fuck these bitches call ma cell
Ion't really care what the fuck they do
I just wanna lay in bed and jerk off ma self
Sun is going down I bet the club been going down
But I don't wanna fuck with nuffin less it's something in the house
And now I'm naked on the couch
With raisenets in ma mouth
I'm playin a stupid asian in NBA 2k12
And I'm beatin that ass with the Utah jazz
Youjizz on the tablet loading multiple tabs
As I pack bowls mac pro chattin with a black ho
Dat want a redskin sack call dat bitch orakpo
Crack flow fuckin with a lotta fuckin snacks bro
Cookies in the oven whatcha know bout how I stack dough
And I ain't got no mafuckan plans ya diggg
It's Friday night and I'm stayin in
Don't wanna drink man you couldn't even pay the kid
Who knew that layin in the crib would make a hit
So put ya hands in the air if you stayin innnn
If you don't even care what day it is
Ya had a long week roll weed take a hit
Go on Demand take a gander and play some shittt
Okay ma cell is getting bombed yo
Bitches want a don
To come meet em greet em leave with em freak em at they condo
Ma penis like Chicago
D Rose pronto
But I won't be scorin less it's fifa with ronaldo
Cause I ain't comin out I'm getting freaky Michael Jackson
Keepin up with the kardashians
As I'm eatin easy mac and
As I'm peein I'm seein penis with pieces of a napkin
Need to clean it I'm creamin without a boo dis ain't Aladdin
Achu das what the rest ya'll do erry time ya'll spit some sicknin shit
The fridge gotta lil bit left in it so now I'm raiden sub zero to finish him
Damn... how you do dat there you kickin it like Liu Kang here
Ma pubic hair super bare whatcha know about a jew with nare
And iont think I wanna brag but stayin inside the pad
Was basically the greatest day that I've had
Holla back if you don't really wanna pregame and wait for cabs
Would rather eat a fuckin cheese cake and take a nap
I'm double bundled up under covers I'm comfy den a mafucka
Bumpin to something usher while grubbing on some fuddruckers
Say I ain't the man ho
Playin on demand shows
You can get retarded lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
See back in highschool
I ain't even know I could rap
So the hits late but nobody throwin the flag
Goin fifth grade with it Dicky opening snacks
Because the kid made different like a joke in Iraq
Now check it
Never thought I wanna pass the bar
But I gotta get fancy car
So I got up on the beat beat on it like
Evander sparring partner smarter art
When I master bars
These weak bitches gotta leave dicky dissin' em all
To listen to y'all is sorta like a flick in the balls
Foreal tho
Cause they don't spit it real as D do
The kid come first like his dick a prequel so look
If you really wanna get it forget it genetically better
Then every pathetic competitor nettin cheddar
Get in bed I'll get you wetter than Redick
I bet I bend her get her beggin etcetera
Breath now ya man on reddit cause I'm rappin the flames
I'm hands on wayne chrebet when I'm mackin the dames tho
The lame bros better learn to make a single
Or ya mayn bout to have these rappers playin some bingoooo... yeah
So whatchu talkin bout
If this really stupid tell me what the fuck is walk it out
If lil dicky ruin rap they poopin on it's coffin now
So if you heard of a jewish rapper you know who they talkin bout
Ion't think I need a grammy bro
I got two and they fairly old
The family demanding ya man be
A little wary tho
They know dude got a scary flow
Just like you do yea
Except they mean it different
Prefer ma chicken white das for chicken and da women
Confessing that I'm hittin only cause I'm nice at spittin
But used to getting used you dudes Aaliyah's kitchen
Hold up the kid so dumb
The drink po up he can't grow up
Ya man gotta thang for donuts
The flow nuts bout to make a jam I go Russ
From Okla - getting more bread than cold cuts whaddup bruh?
That's why these hoes wanna get it
They been fuckin with the kid joe paterno assistant
I'm stern with the women
I'm a a nerd but I'm hittin
On these curves like it's griffey in the third with these pitches
Iight the kids aiight legit polite
I wife nice jews pipe smoove cider with ice cubes
The white dude's known to be recording it right
You jabronies write a stupid chorus lighter than cubes
Commercials
Y'all worse than them
But these lucky bitches they ain't gotta work again
All these chickens in the crib's like a birthed a hen
So I be over-cumming definition circumvent ya dig?
Cold spittin admit it I'm rippin shit up like a ticket stub
And givin a clinic these bitches isn't sick enough to get up in it tho
You should probly quit it bro
Dude's spittin ridiculous with it particularly when he
Be switchin the flowwwww up.
Das cash and all
More black in me than basketball
Next line LD's talkin vaginal
The kid been hittin more walls than a raquet balllll yeaah!
So prepare for my libido
It's really fuckin scary action Bronson in a speedo
It's really fuckin scary magic Johnson near mosquitos
But I'm nearly fuckin there these bitches bout to feed me Cheetos
Cause Ion't really like the mess
Pretty clear right here that the kike the best 
Never scared nor embarrassed ask ma ex
I gotta bone like a freak Kevin Ware the sex... whoa.
Y'all heard about the kid with the jew flow
And jew fro getting mo sugar than glucose
The dude so cold youda so swore he from pluto
Ma head so big it's like I'm juicing with pujols
But look if you thinkin that this jew so nice
Then you so right you rappers lookin' Bruno's type
The dude's so bright I'm rapping like a sumo fight
The knee slappin' unexpected word to Juno's tike lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
I gotta problem with ma dick.
Been hatin on him since I was a kid
Way before I ever put him in a bitch
Goin back y'all
Never wanna trash talk
So I made a track we could rap on
Keep us intact
And I know the fact is that you jewish
But I don't want no excuses for ya size
I know hella jewish guys who grew up between them thighs but no
You actin like you was four
You haven't changed since we young
It's sad you that immature
And I don't get it I'm getting bitches get you in kittens other dicks would die for
But I'm barely hittin it when a minutes ya high score
And now it's real bad
Cause you ain't movin on
You twenty something and still live above ya two balls
I been getting nine to five's but I been keepin us with bitches that was tryn to ride
But you a mafuckin fiend and it's mean we supposed to be a team
You a dick but I wish I had a penis
And this about a dick
Who never took the time to grow
And cum the second that he get in that vagina hole
And I ain't lovin butting heads like this
But you gotta stop fucking up ma shit
And I ain't feelin bad
And ion't give a fuck aboutcha problems
But lay 'em the table maybe we can solve em
Cause you and I we attached at the hip
So we better get this settled up and fixed right now dick
Hold up Dicky you ain't really mean it
You got the nerve to tell me you the one mistreated
I don't believe it it's nuffin but egregious
Cause I'm the one that's been getting beaten
Obscenely in this mafucka right now
Das a fact and ma homies from ma sack'll have ma back
You wackin me every mothafuckin day
You acting like it's okay
But imagine waking up feelin' afraid
I'm prayin you stop abusing but you confused
If you blame me for the ejacs
This about your brain I came because I react
Hope that you concede that
Cause it's on you need to distract
What can I do if you never relax
You see it's actually you that's in control all our faculties
The pre-ejaculatory crap is a sorely inaccurate
Acting like you was deploring me
Warranted insecurity
Scoring ignoring the forming
Of your own immaturity 
And now the prematurity's on ma head
But you know damn well it should be up on yours instead
But if you loved and accepted me then that wouldn't be a problem
Instead I'm in a dick numbing condom
And this about a kid
Who never took the time to grow
And cum the second that he get in that vagina hole
And I ain't lovin butting heads like this
But you gotta stop fucking up ma shit
And I ain't feelin bad
And ion't give a fuck aboutcha problems
But lay 'em the table maybe we can solve em
Cause you and I we attached at the hip
So we better get this settled up and fixed right now kid
Wow I think you need to get a grip dude
I'd say the same but I'm betting that you will soon
Real funny dick I can't even stomach this
How you gonn act like I'm wacking ya shit for nuffin
He frontin up in this mothafucka bluffin on the beat
Wouldn't beat him without a reason he sung it incomplete
Tell me why then.
Why you always tucked in ma jeans
It's cause I'm with a woodpecker like I'm stuck in a tree
Well I confess I'm erect on occasion
But up in the Bahamas -
Hold up we that was a vacation
Is that what you call it as I recall
You was mauling me day and night
Only sex you got was dry aggressively rubbing fly
I was chaffed up. You the fuckin problem dicky wake up
Well what about the time you wasn't stayin up?
I was with a top 5 dime of ma life
Well you the guy that was drinkin all the goddamn wine
Fuck that you a cold crooked mafucka where's your heart
And you a toad looking muthafucka Mario Kart
So this is it?
This is it you a dick I need a penis
No you a dick I need a human being
So this shit about a kid 
Who never took the time to grow
And cum the second that he get in that vagina hole
And I ain't lovin butting heads like this
But you gotta stop fuckin up ma shit
And I ain't feelin bad
And ion't give a fuck aboutcha problems
But lay 'em the table maybe we can solve em
Cause you and I we attached at the hip
So we better get this settled up and fixed lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
It's like these days dicky been up on his grind
Tryna spit a rhyme
Fly enough to get cracker signed
It's aight tho
I been typing all damn night bro
Kikes gotta write raps right no typo
Nice flow
Best up in the game no Michael
I guess I gotta wait for the fame no lipo
But damn if ya man had a hoard of fanbase
I'd have a lot to cover like a corpulent klan face
Go on some man dates
With D'Caprio and Drake
And make a man cave full of chronic and pancakes
A handshake's all I'm really wantin from LeBron tho
Iono
Think I'd rather get up with his mom
And do it delonte couple bottles of Andre
In pompei getting dirtier than some laundry
I'm freakin that ho just for Cleveland man
But first thing I'm a need some fans
Cause little dicky tryna make that cake like a balla do
And denigrate little wayne up at a bar-b-q
And I just wanna hit the floor with pauly D
And cross swords up with Tommy Lee
So where the muhfuckers drinkin the ciroc at
Where the fuck the rock at
Where the bad bitches on this mediocre cock atttt
I'm tryna make the move
From gay lame dateless jew to famous dude ya dig?
First grade and I was thirsty
I was wantin fame up in the muthafuckin worst way
Word play gotta get ya ya boy up on some first take
Skip Bay Steve A get up in they ass ya dig
If I'm celebbin then I'm getting with mccadams's
The hottest women on the muthafuckin planet kid
I'm tryna get up at Selena
Mess around with mila
I remember when it was Christina
Genie up in a bottle but now she couldn't fit up on a waterbed
I wanna score a ten imagine Natalie portman
And if she borin then ill get a ride in ma DeLorean
And go before it securing the whore I been adoring since
I was a teen ya mean
Brittany spears whacha doin
Couple years dat career and dat metabolism ruined
Yain't know about me yet
But the future do
On youtube I been getting some views
Ay enough about a boo ion't need a bitch
But I need a clique
Full a people Derek jeterish
Love the bieber kid
That's a hell of a dude
Well I ain't met him but his documentary was the truth
I'd holla back at snoop drop a couple tracks in the booth
He'd prolly have me high enough to take a nap as I poop
I'm callin kobe Bryant up because I'm fucking with his game
But it's such a shame I can tell that muthafucka lame tho
Flame flow
Ain't nobody even know ma name tho
And all I wanna do is know if channing's really gay tho
All I wanna do is play Durant up in some Halo
Play shows date hoes lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Ridin' round smoking weed with ma foreign bitch
Ridin' round smoking weed with ma foreign bitch
Ma window down I'm riding to ma new shit 
Got ma new bitch got ma got ma new bitch 
Ion't camp off with no j's they sell them hoes for free 
Never payin for no pussy fuck them hoes for free
That's a fucking bawlaa
How can I become a bawlaa?
Mirror mirror on the wall
How can dicky learn to ball
I wish I was TIP and I could spit some shit with southern drawls
I wish I could flip a brick and spit dat shit like Ricky Ross
Holla at broads at the mall
Spit about a mafuckan bitch up in da wip
And getting lit up in the backseat
Talkin shit about a dinner with an athlete
Fuck that can't rap like the rest of these mafuckas
Without all ma writtens being fact free
Do y'all know how bad I wish I could
But y'all would laugh if I spit hood
So now ya man is making jams about some random
Shit when dudes is rappin bout they fuckin weaponry
Homicidal tendencies
The only dough that I can boast about is seeded sesame
I'm jealous B.
Cause errbody in the game get to say they kill
Errbody in the game get to say steal
Errbody in the game sayin words like trill
Really wish that I could make that hit
Fake that shit
Without coming off all gay n shit
Cause if I coulda rapped like wayne
Then I'd prolly be sayin a lot of the crazy shit like
I'm a kill you pussy ass bitches with the chopper
Now make that pussy pop off... and this shit would sound proper
Ridin' round smoking weed with ma foreign bitch
Ridin' round smoking weed with ma foreign bitch
Ma window down I'm riding to ma new shit 
Got ma new bitch got ma got ma new bitch 
Ion't camp off with no j's they sell them hoes for free 
Never payin for no pussy fuck them hoes for free
That's a fucking bawlaa
How can I become a bawlaa?
Here we go
Here's a flow
Bout some shit I really know
I'm a spit it raw and swag it up as if I'm really cold
Ma cheerios is honey nut
Gear at most a hunned bucks
PS I Love You is on the TV dicky tearin up
Go up to the bathroom I have to
Ma dentist say I gotta make an effort now it's time to floss
Hollat ma dog and I call the mafucka to me and
Get a leash and take him out to walk
Roll around the ave
I put his shit up in a bag
And then a wip pull up the windows down this bitch look out and asking
How she get back on the high way
Told dat bitch to drive straight
And take a left on honeycut
But stay up in the right lane
Cause it come up kinda quick
You see what the fuck I'm sayin
Other people get to rap about like
Home cooked crack and like jail n shit
And I gotta spit a lotta shit about a muthafuckin
Kid up in a crib that's got the central air
It's not fair
No one cares
Real talk I just wanna braid ma hair
And rap about whatever bruh
Money hoes etcetera
Instead of bein clever every measure but I'm never gonn be
Ridin' round smoking weed with ma foreign bitch
Ridin' round smoking weed with ma foreign bitch
Ma window down I'm riding to ma new shit 
Got ma new bitch got ma got ma new bitch 
Ion't camp off with no j's they sell them hoes for free 
Never payin for no pussy lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Alrite this the type a shit they be playin at the barbershop
I hear these mafuckas saying that it's all for naught
But I ain't stopping till I make it to the top y'all
They bout to feel stupid talking like a dropped call
Cause I'm bout to pop off ma dude the flow too cashy
And this white dude ain't trashy
I'm actually college educated U of R abbreviated
Got inebriated but ma GPA was still amazing
On that 3.93 tip fuck you know about a
Eastside G spittin uncontrollable
I mean if clever is the measure then I'm better than
Whatever rapper's getting cheddar I'm the king and they corretta
They some bitches like a kennel got
Dicky spittin devil hot
Listenin to ma writtens gotchu whistlin like a kettle potttt
I can't stop till I make a dent
But this is greatness take it in
Ya namsayin cause
Ya'll mafuckas wanna be that kid
Wanna lease that wip
Wanna be that sick
Das a mafucka in this mafucka getting dough
Like a mafucka in this mafucka whatchu know bout a
Late teen with dreams debate team to frees
To makin these hooks like Kareem yamean
Now ya man deep in the game but keepin the same
Cause I believe I been keepin the faith y'nawmsayin?
And I spit that shit so asinine
Been known to jerk ma dick just to pass the time
And I ain't never really care for these fake mafuckas
Take mafuckas cake like I wait on these mafuckas
Hate when these mafuckas talk the talk
I'm at the plate but you know I'm getting walked or balked or somethin'.
And you ain't even in ma league lil shawty
I'm a beast you can find me on the beach with a sporty lil young thang
Tan lines out the ass so bad she about to go to Alcatraz
I gotta second with the tenth thinkin alphabet
Lil dicky only breaking bad bitches Malcolm's dad
I'm on the beat know you hearda dat
G that'll murder cats
Freak raps ma dude ma genes in a fertile sack
Balls full a ballplayas Archie Manning
I could even let a few in ya family
Now I'm laughin cause
Ya'll mafuckas wanna be that kid
Wanna lease that wip
Wanna be that sick
Das a mafucka in this mafucka getting dough
Like a mafucka in this mafucka whatchu know bout a
Late teen with dreams debate team to frees
To makin these hooks like Kareem yamean
Now ya man deep in the game but keepin the same
Cause I believe I been keepin the faith y'nawmsayin?
And I'm a cake like it ain't nothin.
I stay humpin with a cock tryna date something.
I'm straight frontin cause I'm not hard top on ma mamma lexus
I ain't stoppin til lil dicky and Obama texting
Dog I just wanna rap till ya man straight blow up
I'm nasty throw up
Ma fam reads torah
And I can do this shit on the reg ya dig
White mack sound brown like texases
I'm really dreamin bout the 22s but I can do it tho
I got a jewish flow and I ain't ever had a student loan
I think you knew it ho darling ya man correct
I tell y'all bout ballin Stan Verret
Cause I been known to use a metaphor
Only fuckin ten or mores
Thought I was an artist but I think I'm likin metta more
Atlanta Japan to Amsterdam
Ya boy bout to run up into the stands ynamsayin baby
Ya'll mafuckas wanna be that kid
Wanna lease that wip
Wanna be that sick
Das a mafucka in this mafucka getting dough
Like a mafucka in this mafucka fuck you know bout a
Late teen with dreams debate team to frees
To makin these hooks like Kareem yamean
Now ya man deep in the game but keepin the same
Cause I believe I been keepin the faith lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Middle of the week ain't nobody at the crib 
Chillin in the bed with a hard ass dick 
And you Dicky need that
Where the fuck the weed at
Dis about to be a fuckin treat
You can find me tryna beat dick
Lookin for a freak bitch
I ain't fittna pay for it fuckin with dat free shit
Loadin up a page porn hunting like a genius
Baby I make it rain cetaphil up on the penis
Find the kid up on youjizz loadin two vids
Both dem bitches point of view and
Finding new shit can't decide to sort by rating or the view hit
Goin stupid whatcha know about a window full a tabs
And all of them bitches pretty fuckin bad ya dig it
The type bitches gotchu thinkin bout they past 
Could a been a model now a fist up in dat ass 
Bet she wasn't coddled ain't had no a father
So shawty hit the bottle gotta toddler
And needed dollars I swear I hit the lotto with these
Low self esteem having fine ass bitches
Got me loadin got me streaming closing blinds lights dimming
Baby I'm about to blast off
Ballin with my pants off
So if you was lookin for ya man
You can find me in the bedroom beatin on ma dick
Homie I'on't give a fuck I'm just tryna find a clip
Only fuckin with a hi definition type a bitch
That can suck a dick... man this a fuckin hit...
Okay you know I'm searchin jenna haze heather I
Rollin j's and getting high
Almost started creaming seeing mini-skirted haley wilde
Rollin over thumbnails
Lube up in ma thumbnails
Top rated page 21
It's taken me kinda long but I'm scrollin with ma dick out
I roll a little zag yea das word to dan dickau
I'm higher than penthouse
Vagina booty and mouth
You prolly redtube-ing like a pre-pubescant kid out this muthafucka
I'm havin trouble cause her dude is fuckin with rubbers
I know it's subtle but it's covered and if I had my druthers
Then I would need to see the skin touch
Maybe that's a bit much
Either way if you wanna play
You can find me in the bedroom beatin on ma dick
Homie I'on't give a fuck I'm just tryna find a clip
Only fuckin with a hi definition type a bitch
That can suck a dick... man this a fuckin hit...
Last week tried to suck my own dick ehhhh
Don't try n act like you ain't try that shit at least once
But now I'm back jackin dat with a mac
No klan but I stay away from blacks
And ion't take it back I just can't even relate to it
Lookin like a pussy got a porterhouse steak through it
Hate it when a mafuckas dick is as a big as a 4 loco
Type a girth that ain't even of this earth ya dig it
I'm dodging pop ups like a muthafuckin vet in this bitch
The door is locked I got the toilet paper ready and ripped
I'm talkin X-art tan hoes
Bangbros passcodes
So if you was lookin for ya man
You can find me in the bedroom beatin on ma dick
Homie I'on't give a fuck I'm just tryna find a clip
Only fuckin with a hi definition type a bitch
That can suck a dick... man lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Shots in the club like plaxico
I'm in the corner hot like Placido's
And dicky fuckin flow nuts pistachio
And like Shelvin I know how to mack a ho
I got girls on ma penis
Flow is the meanest
Not Gilbert but I'm sellin out arenas
Do it all day A peterson
Because I'm tryna get paid like Revis did
I met a French bitch big lips and she got a body
Told her put that ass on moi like nnamdi
Fight like rocky white like Roddy
Hoosier Daddy all knight like Booby
Hot box ride I can barely see
You know I keep ma car melo like Anthony
Got bigger blunts than legarrete smoke outta Taurus
Put Mar kief in dat philly like Morris
Anybody better better than me good try
I'm the best like Jahvid but I'm not lion
Not even a tyson... no ear biting
Ma pockets fat with green so Rex Ryan
I ball for the bucks like Luc Richard Mbah a Moute
But I'm a fuckin superstar
And if they ask LD where he wanna live
Then I'm a tell 'em where markakis like Nick.
I'm tryna get a little Kevin Love
And then I see a bad bitch starin up in the club
She got an ass so sweet like a cinnabun
I bet dat bitch a giant freak like Lincecum
And so I go and approach her
We kick it like Stover
End of the night I'm a ownher hova
Liquor make a bitch feel raunchy horny
So I'm getting big shots Chauncey horry
Took her back at ma Eddie House
And this fine ass bitch takin off her blouse
And then ma D Rose quicka than a bull at the garden
Dick like James from the way that it Harden
My name ain't Charles but I pack wood son
Ma dick ain't Gretzky but it's still a good one.
She want that juice I ain't talkin bout OJ
It's more like Mayo something like OJ
Okay now her clothes are off
And I can see her C pierced like her name was Paul
I couldn't care less went down feelin the flavor
It was hairless something like Villanueva
Ma Rod Smart so He Hate Me
When I don't cover him up with a safety
But I coordinate that D so I planned protection
Had a Magnum Rolle like louisania tech did
Put a condom on ma Ryan Braun
Ma Hebrew hammer then we got it on
I was playin with a boobie Cavalier
We even made a couple movies Shaq O'Neil
She had a real big cat Andres Gallaraga pussy
But I hit it hard lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Wassup wassup y'all
L-D aka Young Dick
Had to make a track about smoking weed man
Every rapper got a track about smoking weed so I didn't really have a choice
But I guess I made mine a little bit different is all
It's like it's like it's like
Blowin something sticky word to pre-cum dicks
I'm with ma team in this bitch and we all getting lit
I mean the weed hella loud like a teenage chick
And we been smoking for a minute yeah we blowin on that ganja
And now I'm huffin and puffin I'm choking on that bong
And the dope I'm on is bomb I'm smoking that Vietcong
Getting real high
Watching funny videos of bill nye
Tell me that this jam isn't still fly -
Bill nye theme song
Now I'm getting hungry than a muthafucka
Put some chicken nuggets in the oven at 400
Whered I put that honey mustard
Lookin all around the cupboard for that muthafucka
Until I discovered a custard I covered with butter from last week.
How long do them thangs keep?
Guess I better ask jeeves
Go get ma computer but I'm staring at the damn screen
Damn D you forgetting what ya task be
The puff puff pass gotcha gassed
Now ya man is fucked...
And I was tryna get a little buzz so I took a little puff
But I think I'm way too high
And I ain't wanna come off like a bitch so I took another hit
But I think ma brains too fried
And yeah I'm fuckin faded but I hate it
I'm praying that I make it
Afraid I'm goin to dieeeee
I'm too blazed it's too late
To save Dicky from this fuckin place cause he too high
Now I'm freakin out up in this bitch
Can't control it and ma homies passin round another spliff
So I bolted to the BR
Consulted with the mirror
Lil Dicky please step up you pathetic
Cause the weed in you beating you
Then all a sudden I'm on the toilet beating ma penis blue
But I ain't cummin because as I'm imagining fucking something
That pretty girl I'm humping
Becoming my fuckin cousin or mother or brother
Or some other fucking disgusting person
Ma brain is bein strange cause I'm high as a plane
I ain't deranged I'm just saying it's a violent strain
So I go back to the back where they packing up cigars
Dipping snacks kicking back staring at some Avatars
Then I flipped took a decade and a half to make that shit
Yet they couldn't put a second and a half up in that script
How the fuck a human being wanna fuck a
Blueish green 7' 3'' tail having ass thing
Man I'm high as fuckkkk
And I was tryna get a little buzz so I took a little puff
But I think I'm way too high
And I ain't wanna come off like a bitch so I took another hit
But I think ma brains too fried
And yeah I'm fuckin faded but I hate it
I'm praying that I make it
Afraid I'm goin to dieeeee
I'm too blazed it's too late
To save Dicky from this fuckin place cause he too high
Rock hard cock cause I'm watching katy Perry
In her video the whole world's made of candy
Damn... I ain't even got no candy
So now at the fucking c store
Where ya man be torn than a mafucka
Peanut eminems or a twix
Can't commit so I count the benefits on ma hands
Goddamn now I'm weary of the man - yeah the cashier
Homeland Nazir!
S-s-s-so damn tweaked I can't even cross the mothafuckin street
Gotta wait until that muthafucka's green
Now I'm back up at the crib and I'm laughin at giraffes long necks
Gotta shit but the path to the bathroom is complex
Crafted a long text took about an hour
Took a scary shower now I'm sitting naked on the ground
Man I'm fucked up. I'm bout to call ma mom up and tell her what's up.
This sucks I'm high as fuck.
And I was tryna get a little buzz so I took a little puff
But I think I'm way too high
And I ain't wanna come off like a bitch so I took another hit
But I think ma brains too fried
And yeah I'm fuckin faded but I hate it
I'm praying that I make it
Afraid I'm goin to dieeeee
I'm too blazed it's too late
To save Dicky from this fuckin place lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Friday fucking night
We bout to do this right
Dicky rollin to the club he about to find his wife
Cause he fresher than a kid that called his mom a fuckin ho
Bunch a bitches getting low
Pimpin you already know
I'm bout to get up on the flo and then bring chicken to ma crib
Getting drunk up in this muthafucka fuck you think this is?
Then I see a bad bitch with a booty and a half
I make a move on that cutie excuse me do you wanna dance
Then she looked at me and laughed
Like I didn't have a chance
Like I shouldn't even asked
So I proceeded to get trashed
And I'm at the bar now and it's so loud
But I'm takin shots and I'm throwin down
And I see a pretty lady so I send her some of that cold brown
And she turned around and then turned it down
Because in her words she don't like to flirt with clowns
And I'm alone and pouting overcrowded I need to get up out this club
I been inside this club for way too long
I wanna leave and eat calzones
None of these females wanna bone
Ma self esteem is all but gone
Bout to quit but I'm bitter I paid that cover
So I guess I gotta stay in this stupid club a bit longer
And I'm sweating like a jew in a multicultural sauna
They been playing fuckin dubstep for ten consecutive songs
And then I bumped into a guy
He was roughly 6 foot 5
Pretty sure it was his fault but I apologized
Pretty sure you know the type probly bankin every night
Vodka sprite lookin round to find a kike that he can fight
Or suckerpunch I'm kinda drunk and I been in the club for way too long
Now I'm up in the corner all alone ESPN up on ma phone
Ma self esteem is so depleted such a mess I'm overheated
I regretfully just tweeted some depressing shit I need to leave this club
I been inside this club for way too long
I wanna leave and eat calzones
None of these females wanna bone
Ma self esteem is all but gone
Is this really for the bathroom are you kidding?
This the type of line where people squeeze they dick to prevent pissing
When I get inside the stall it's like a yeti had been shitting
And there's piss all on the ground so as I'm wizzing I keep slipping
Fuck this hand stamp
Club is really damn cramped
Fuck it I'm a suck it up and take another damn chance
Ughh here goes nothing 
Ay girlie what's the word
At first glance I may look like a nerd
But if you let me bet D get thee all up in the bed so wet like a mafuckan jetski
Real rap if you tryna go then put your name right here up inside ma phone
She took bait no way typing out her home she pressed save
Walked away lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Iont fuck around
I been getting down
Not afraid to eat some triscuits up off the ground
5 second rule?
I'm on that 5 year
A lotta guys fear what I got in my ears 
If I ain't pissin then you know I'm shittin bricks
Do it sick when I finish homie I ain't washin shit
Shaved dick shave with same shit face get
Bitches sittin on ma pillows and they butt naked
Lickin grease off of that pizza
And these mafuckas prolly want a paper towel
Errybody know that I rape toenails
When I pick then I flick em on the straight up ground now
Ain't shit to a mafuckan balla
Mo grit than a mafuckan dolla
Come back from ballin you gotta smell sack
Yea it's that appalling
And Ion't ever wash ma feet
When I'm in the shower they be hard to reach
When I'm getting down goin out on the weekend
I'm asleep before I brush my teeth
I'm a goddamn G tho
Mo grime than Ed Reed's pee hole
Mo grime than Ronaldhino
These other rappers can't deny it
Cause I don't even act like a thug
But I'm cold enough
I ain't moving crack holdin guns
But there's more than one dimension to a balla
You can find ya boy around the way
Being scummy and fucking grubby you know I'm tryna say
That I'm grimy as a gooch
Grimy grimy as a gooch 
Grimy as a gooch
Grimy grimy as a gooch 
It take a slimy muthafucka to be grimy as a grundle
So you in trouble if you attempt to try to be as gutter as the kid
Eating wings
Beating off
Dick stings from the muthufuckan hot sauce 
Came nuts... no tp
Lazy so I rub it on the damn sheets
Ya man D on that reggie evans shit
Boogie pickin boogie flickin hella belly button lint
Fuck a bitch and I'm wetter than a muthafuckin swish
Yeah I'm sweating more than CC bases loaded bottom 6
I'm eating mixed nuts with my mouth wide open
At bar a bar where them house flies float
Iont give a fuck if it flush if I must urinate
Not a place up in the house I wouldn't go
I sink piss and I sniff clothes
Nastier than Kimbo
And I lick snow
When it's yellow
And I sleep at the hotel on
That old blanket that yo mamma used to never let you touch
I just don't give a fuck I'm nasty like the nut of johnny kruk
I do the dutch oven to maself
Fuckin with the way it smells
So if someone sicker well then tell me
Cause I don't even act like a thug
But I'm cold enough
I ain't moving crack holdin guns
But there's more than one dimension to a balla
You can find ya boy around the way
Being scummy and fucking grubby you know I'm tryna say
That I'm grimy as a gooch
Grimy grimy as a gooch 
Grimy as a gooch
Grimy grimy as a gooch 
It take a slimy muthafucka to be grimy as a grundle
So you in trouble lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
What it do
Was 22 up in the room
Thinkin bout a way that I could make a move
Make a boom
Debated to move to LA
To make it in movies
But traded the pool shade and gravitated to music
Now I'm spittin the hottest shit
It don't matter the competition
Is sadder than a bladder that be lackin a pot to piss in
It's actually kinda sicknin
The rap is beyond horrific
Admit it bruh waka flaka flame is somehow respected?
The game has gotta change used to listen to jay
Up on the train now they floodin the waves with 2 chainz
I feel like I separate with ma lines like 2 lanes
It's a dark knight when the joker's better than them banes
Of the rap game all of 'em rap lame
They claimin all em ballin well then all of em sac kings
At least they in the league tho
I can't even cop a fuckin peacoat
That's why I'm aiming outside the box like it's a free throw
The weed smoke fuckin the air up
Got this mothafucka snackin more than Miggy Cabrera
Got dis mafucka rappin some crack and yappin about it on his cell phone
Tell holmes this is the track that I got ma swell on
And I spit that shit so fast sometimes I need to slow it down
All these bitches up in the crib it's like ma home a pound
Tell me I ain't hold it down
Spittin ridiculous ticklin bitches
Up into they britches and rip em like tickets
And fastballs lookin at a cutie on the dance flo
I visualize that booty with the pants off
Had a little dance off
And I ain't had no shot it was the ass fault
Cause shawty body arguably hotter than august asphault
They claimin they great man these rappers straight lebroning
I'm layin in wait to smack the fuck up out dat spalding
I'm hatin every song they celebratin poppin dom
But I be takin shots a brandy like a kobe at the prom pic
Bomb shit ya'll should see ma muthafuckin blonde bitch
The bombs on dat body shawty just gotta be Islamic
I twist and I turn her on till she wet like she a faucet
No rapper give you more a set... isn't it ironic?
Because I'm seein these labels
Pumpin out the horseshit got me callin em stables
Pumpin out the tours quick but they ain't makin hits
Ain't nobody great as this
White boy killin brothers on that cane and abel tipppp
Tri tip steak up on a plate I'm on a date
With a dime bitch nibbling cake
But nevermind that
Someone tell me where the fuck the rhymes at
I was bumpin nas in his prime and you gonn sign that?
Oh well guess I'm better than they'll ever be
I could do it serious but they prefer the levity
I ain't really hearin nuffin
Say I ain't the man
I'm layin in sand zero spf for the tan
But now I'm back in this muthafucka spit hotta than a flame throw
Waitin to hear em call on ma name like rap a game show
Tell me this is lame
Though I know that is bogus
Gotta focus
Be the dopest
With the most set of quotes and the grossest
When I flow sick and the hope is
Notice is right around the corner my time to shine
Is almost aligned something like a quarter to nine
If I could have a quarter for the metaphors in my rhymes
I'd only have a couple dollas so I'm stickin with dimes ya know?
They getting off like a train stop
I'm lookin at ma dick like how the fuck do you stay rock
No southern carolina how you got so much game cock
Cause you movin that vagina in the dark like a stage prop
It's all good
I'm making this the outro
I had to fuckin spit this is what I'm about bro
And you know what it is holla back up at the kid Slim Boner
So damn hard lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Now look at all these muthafuckas out on Pride Rock
Lotta livestock
Think it's cause Sarabi ride cock or she did once
Cause they celebrating Simba
Lil cub errbody gotta kneel cause
Deal was lions was some muthafuckin real thugs
And the fear of being turned into a meal was
Such a fright yo but on the real they hella nice tho
This specific pack of lions acting like some white folks
But Africa is full a brothas one is Uncle Scar
And that muthafucka wasn't nuffin funny son he hard
And he mad too
Cause he just wanna be the man too
First it was his brother now another king is brand new
Baboon drawin on a tree ya dig
There's something freaky bout rafiki bet his weed legit
That muthafuckin monkey doesn't need comedians
The reason is he laughin at the breeze and shit it's weird
Alrite now back to the plot
Mufasa was a wonderful father he loved him a lot
And Simba wanted to impress him every second he got
The youngn was taught... but then one afternoon he forgot
Thas when he holla'd at nala to follow da balla
To crawl up in da squalor
Where all uh da lawless acknowledge his father
But they never gave a fuck bout a little bitty pup
Aw shucks... they gonn eat this mafucka up
Until his dad came through and smacked dem bitches in the head
Coulda had em dead but he let em runaway instead
Now he really mad at dude
He cute when he sad tho
And the simple truth Simba doin what his dad do
Shit... now das some real talk homie.
But he can't own them fields with dem lil paws homie
And real dogs only bark at bitches when they gotta do
Taught him to think when he at the line like an audible
And now the part I abhor
Lil Simba chillin with a chameleon perfecting his roar
Could a been a gecko but dat shit echoed effectin the gorge
Was accidental but you know what's in store the stampede scene
Shit... and he was all up on a stick gotta hold a grip
Simba you done got up in some shit
But his dad came through and he saved him man
But as he climbed with them wounds Mu raised his hand
But dude his brother on some muthafuckin scar face
Scar face lit up like a muthafuckin star'n space
Hard place and a rock mufasa caught up in between that
Das his brother but that brotha was a mean cat
And when he threw him off the ledge
Simba couldn't believe dat that muthafucka dead
Tears being shed
Scar got up in his head
More dread for da boy so he ran away and fled
Timon and pumba time
The young cub grown up what a beautiful lion
They grub bugs cub's nuts hittin puberty while
The voice of change up - ferris buller style ya know
And they was tryna eat a beatle
A lion came through tryna dine hella regal
Then pumba got stuck bout to get his ass cut
But then Simba stepped up and defended like a thug do
Rollin round he realized who it was too
Hollad back at nala like whassup boo
Hugged smooth
Confused
Nala lookin pretty titties done grew
Butt cute
He bout to fuck soooooon
Then he nuzzled from the back
And he cuddled from the front
He was really mackin jawn
She all up on his junk
You could see me jackin off to scene believe dat
The young me fuckin around with cats I need that
To recap lotta feedback Simba react
The fam need dat... but ya man can't be back
He just wanna do his thing ya dig
But he the king
Even tho he wadnt feelin it
Until he met up with the monkey
What a funky fuckin junkie
But he spunky told the muthafuckin lion bout his country
And he ran back
Pride rock got it's man back
But damn... the whole land hella ransacked
And then he saw scar with his mom
Sarabi lookin hella worn hidden Simba looked on
As scar did her like a dog hit her hard with his palm
Forreal dog?
Alrite you fuckin with the God now
Long growl
Pimpin' handle bidness like a boss now
Tossed down
Talkin shit to Simba bout to cost clown
Scar tell the young'n that he killed his pops tho
Foreal mafucka? He revealed his hops bro
And clocked on that muthafuckin sucka with a cross
Rocked uncle with couple then sunk him with a toss
He on't play that shit... brothas and lacrosse
Real talk... the dogs done finished him off
And pride rock was back where it started at
The meals back fields packed with the hardest cats
Foreal jack... the animals is feelin dat
The real is back... and I just spit the realest rap lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Looking at a bitch it's a beautiful view
Snookie kinda tits with a booty for two
But she really fit word to Scooby and Doo
So I pursue it like I do in the booth
That mean I really wanna hit holla at her like ayo what it do
I ain't your daddy I ain't mad at you moves
The way you dancing got me staring cause you badder
Than a bear at the zoo
Who doesn't care particularly for the food
And get embarrassed when there is a lot of people staring into his lair
And he very hairy and the air isn't good
She said okay I'm understanding the comparison
So chill with the narrative cause you scaring me away from you dude
Then I said I said okay that was my bad
Know my pick up line's sad
Wanted to impress you why the fuck you think I buy plaid
We should go to my pad
Let you hold the iPad climax
You looking better than an imax
Decide fast cause I'm bout to get up in the the ride and take a ride fast
She replied yes now we driving
And now she kissing on ya dude
But the minute she unzippin's when I think I gotta poop
Now your man is rolling all around the motherfucking city
While he holding on a bitty
While he holding in a shit
He can't control it so he focused but she groping on his dick
He wanna bone her but he told her that he feeling sorta iffy
But she really wanna get it bro
Feeling on a testicle
But Lil Dicky reeling what he feeling is intestinal
Goddamn it what the fuck should I do
Cause shawty really wanna get in the mood
But Dicky been had to poop
And now she kinda confused
Been persistent but the kid been tryna resist her moves
Doing 60 in a 20 I got reason to move
Cause I been squeezing on my buttcheeks like a prisoner do
And now I'm getting close to panicking
Stomach is unraveling
Every fucking bump has got me clutching on my abdomen
I swear this isn't happening
I'm staring at the back of the Cadillac in the passing lane
Swearing up at the traffic mayne...
Man this is harder than all madden
I'm airing out the car because I'm farting like a savage
She started fucking grabbing on ma part to make some magic
But I'm hardly harder than some corduroys up on a rabbit
So I tell her that the plans change
Don't mean to act strange
But I gotta go I left ma phone up in the last place
She gave me the sad face
Started typing numbers at a fast pace
Glowing black case on the dash great
So I told her thanks babe
But I forgot I gotta water fucking plants up at my aunts house that way
But shawty still up on your man
She caressing and undressing me and then I shit ma pants
Now ya man is rolling all around the motherfucking city
Trying hold in that he shitted cause he rolling with a bitty
But he tripping and he twitching cause he hoping she don't sniff it
But he only got a minute till she notice that he did it
So he pull over the car and
Do it like he Tarzan
Rip all of his clothing then go into the forest
Minute later shawty came in the nude
And then I laid her on a sycamore root
Nobody knew that I pooped
Nobody know that I pooped
Fucking right nobody knew that I pooped
Until I got back in the wip up with that chick
And she could sniff all the poop and
So then I told her that it must have been goose
She said I think you mean geese
I said that's what I mean
Seen a dozen of them motherfuckers in the ravine
Then she said what's a ravine
I said the thing in between us and all the greenery
I mean it's a stream don't know why I said ravine
Then she said oh I see lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Sup y'all
It's your boy L-D
A.K.A. Slim Boner
This does not have shit to do with Sports Center
But I want to dedicate this to all the Sports Center anchors out there making our nights easier
Ay what's really really good with it
Dicky rollin swishers switch da role up now the jew killin shit
Excuse me ma attitude be a little crude
For da few people tryna boo and screw and shoo me
Ma crew be sayin that I'm focused for real
And soon dude'll play dem women like he coachin brazil I'm ill
Score with bitches bro... yain't get that punchline?
Love dimes drum line cherry coke and lunch time
Damn how you spittin so ridiculous with it
Da kid been killin
All his writtens meticulously
Cause dicky getting sick
Of these bitches spittin chicken shit literally
Listen to little b piss on the industry shit isn't pretty
But LD whaddup ya boy been spittin hot
Weird but it's cool like boy when he kiss his pop
I'm here makin noise better get a mop
Cause I'm bout to shit all up on hip-hop
So if you want it with me
You know I'm clubbin with a chubby
Prolly tuckin ma D
Cause I been really good livin
Philly D ma hood chillin
If you really good feelin
Holla back at dude killin em
L-I-L dicky flowin it up
Westside getting high yea we blowin it uppp now
So if you really getting sick. of this new crap...
Then listen up cause Dicky been spittin new rap
Das dat good shit
Read about that shit
I'm tweeting bout that shit
I'm making a believer outcho bitch
I'm freakin out dis bitch
I'm skeeting where you eatin' outcho bitch
I cheef a mound piff and now I'm really freakin out this bitch bro.
I'm the biggest pussy rappin all day
I'm a represent it lovin me some rent on broadway
Call it gay but fuck it it's really lovely
To come up in really comfy pajamas
With a mama and knowledge of commas and college
But all these other rappers think thuggin is cool
These mafuckas so redundant with the drugs in the jewels
But I ain't buggin... ma stomach getting sun by the pool
I'm with a mexicano jawn straight getting azul
Foreal tho
Real flowin jabronis is still frontin with it
Real open spittin ma dick is a mere couple inches
Meals made of truffle
Ma kitchen is real troublesome
I'm real good at hugging and snugglin lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
I heard this shit on workaholics
And this for errbody bout to finish college
It's only right that I drop a little knowledge
Cause life ain't like it outta be
I thought it'd be a lotta women callin me
And sodomy and drinkin like it's all for free
Illogically I never thoughta poverty
Or how this muthafucka's muthafuckin job would be
But ever since I go the cap and gown
Errybody cracking down nappin now
Erry fuckin snack got me packin pounds
Wearin fuckin slacks got me scratching da back uh ma sack
And rap is not exactly a faculty rapidly rackin me
Anything but apathy for those who be naggin and draggin me
Into the wackest meetings holding me back from eating
The saddest fucking lunch I pack and bag in the evening
Ma bank is depleted I even have to think before tweeting
Man it's really fuckin sad when thinking bout
The evolution from the past to drinking now
We used to go and split a handle drink it down
Then hit the town and hit the hottest chicks around
But now? I can barely slug a half a dozen tops
Used to chug a lot now I'm fuckin buzzin off a shot whoa
Clubbin wasn't nuffin to me boy
Used to walk up in that muthafucka stuntin like whassup I wadn't coy
Ain't nobody gave a fuck if I'm employed
Errybody drunk and fuckin lovin it rubbin and huggin
Mugging chugging and fuckin but now these bitches
Is up on some other shit wanting a husband
Clubbin got me buggin and blushing cause I'm a young'n das confronted
With a hundred abundantly rugged and coveted funded muthafuckas it's humbling
Think about the age range
They get to date way older and emotionally open homies goin gray
Now I'm up on first dates
Sober like it's first grade
Hoping when it's over that I close it with some first base shit
Ma face getting fuckin fat
It's April hateful fillin fuckin taxes out
Long ass days getting blazed and tappin out
Back is naggin now mac is laggin now
Because I bought it back in college
So if you comin lemme run a little knowledge
If you was wondering if fun isn't acknowledged
Well Wednesdays lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Cause if you really talkin' shit bruh
I suggest you take a sec and recognize ma shit raw
I been texting pictures atcho sister be ma in law
You know I been spittin' vicious whatchu fittin' to get at ma dude
I been killin' bitches Michael Vick in the booth
The US see me I be kiffin to you
I gotcho bitch up on ma stick she ride it sick
Like it was quidditch but nude
And I'm the honorary Gryffindor Jew
And I don't care about ya bitch or ya ya ya riches or ya wips bro
Even tho you fictional I'm guessing that you get dough
No you don't exist but I see through you like a window
Dicky run this shit and you'sa cripple
Fuck it though you dumber than Waka Flocka
Be sonnin you like a father
D bomber than Osama plot
And smart as Obama
Gotcho lil mama in the sauna all up
In the male locker room
She really good with the D
That's my Serge Ibaka boo ooh
Das dat dude spittin hot as Rihanna
You softer than llamas
Do prima donnas faster than ramadan
I'll be honest getting commas in ma wallet
Is nada ebonically smarter the kike
Been flowin nice as the Dalai Lama
Whaddup bruh
I'm goin stupid cause I'm better
This the hottest shit like I was pooping in a sweater
Ain't nobody do you anymore you a letter
You get it write? That was clever
Ho'
But look
If you think you on ma level jabroni
Than let me educate you bet you need a fellowship homie
Lil dicky rippin dat ribbon cause what he spittin' is winning
So if you finna be some chicken for dinner
Then hollaback up at the kid boy
I'm spittin' good up in this bitch ho
So if you wanna get at me you better get a Mento ahhh
That's word to ads from the past
Ya ass up in a jam if you come at the man
Then yon't stand a chance
Das retard flow
I been talkin game on campuses I'm Lee Corso
Battle me he'll be like  see Argo
Package all up in this dude caboose... free cargo
Fuck it. I'm really talkin that shit
I'm coming at a muthafucka that don't even exist
But if we under the assumption that he
Someone dat spit it redundant to someone incumbent
Then he dumber than bricks ya dig?
Listen to these bitches making hits and
You'll see the horrendousness dat be existing
Every minute some kid is diminishing a single
Written like a semi-retarded kid in kindergarten
Except he harder than me so poor Lil Dicky is stuck
Watching stupid muthafuckers
Make music and caking foolish
While jewish muthafuckas rate movies
Okay cupid to do a lil fuckin
But if it's bout the rap lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
D up on the track
They shook
Race good
Cheetah on a track
Great hooks
Facebook
We up on the map
Now the cake good from rappin
Cray up on a mac
We been getting pussy like all damn night bruh
Philly D lil dicky be up on that L dystra
Think I need a diaper... shittin when I cypher
Stay with eminems... like ya man's kai pfaifer
Whoa
Dicky ballin foreal
All these models all up on him got em callin him seal
Every song is getting bomber like a mall in isreal
And I been buzzin like I'm chugging alcohol with no meal
I got that shit everybody know that dicky been kickin
Da sickest shit and killin criminal's spittin so
If you get wanna get me then
You know where I be at
If you didn't know about the kid then lemme recap
Baby I been all around the fuckin world
Huggin da girls
These muthafuckin bitches lovin the curls
The kid been takin his vacation days and
Makin bacon basically takin the game and changing
It to make it relatable
Trader joes up in the fridge boi
Unprotected sex without no kids boi
Makin sure ma lady take dat pill boi
Gotta keep it real
Honesty about to get ya boi a deal boi
Comedy in songs fuck da kill joys
But like
Man I wish I could sing good
If I was a chick right now this a single
But until this shit get around then it's all ya dude
Up in his room getting down but it's all for you
So like
Shoot
If you know somebody that produce
Or a hottie that'll sing about her boobs
Hit me up on gmail tho yo
Cause I been tryna take dis shit to retail bro
And I don't know have any contacts
Alrite I'm back up in this bitch
Spittin crack up on the track
Up on the mac up in this bitch
I been anxious to see what's actually happenin with this
Cause the rappin that's crackin em up is actually legit
You know
I'm bout to get it better bring in the medic I'm reppin
Literally every regular person get up on ma credit level
Better than your better will ever be spittin incredibly
Ready I'm a get on that melody with dat real shit
I'm the only rapper not exactly sure what trill is
But I'm still attacking every track and I been killin
Shit but dude I'm scared of the hood
It's really spooky dat ain't racist think you misunderstood
Lil dicky bullshitting and good livin with good writtens
So good riddance to every rapper acting so cool with it
I school bitches lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Man I wish I was a kid
Thinking bout the third grade
Back in '96 in my Michael Jordan jersey
French fries curly cool with it raising Tamagachis
Dick 3 and a half the same as a floppy
Nerf guns loaded and we shootin at y'all motherfuckers
We ain't getting hoes but we getting soda
And we was fucking with the swag of The Fresh Prince
Ain't nothing like when you had mad tokens left
In that arcade balling
Watching tickets falling
Pegging stupid bitches in the motherfucking ball pit
Landline calling
Chilling at the mall
And if this the type of shit that you recall well then
Let me hear you shout
If you grew up in the 90's
Then you know what I'm about
Don't you wish we could rewind it
I wish we could man I really miss it
Cause we having fun all day
Slept all night
Best ten years of our whole damn lives
Blowing on a cartridge a lot of fucking farting
I would give it all up if I could restart it
Sitting on the school bus
Flipping through some Goosebumps
A minute 'til I'm shitting out the school lunch
Wanna know what cool was?
Starter jackets Jock jams and Pop Rocks
Sega in my room baby boom shaka laka
Lot of slammers in my pocket flippin them pogs
And I knew every modem noise in ma aol login
On that Oregon Trail
With Keenan & Kell
I was jerkin off daily TRL
But that Saved by the Bell
Was on some fuckin hot shit
OJ to jail oh wait that glove did not fit
Short shorts Stockton
Beanie Baby profits
And NBA on NBC if you remember watching
Remember getting greeted with Scholastic mags
I hated it reading but it made me need that shit so bad
And we was spinning that bottle de-prude hoes
Winning full throttle Nintendo
Switch the flow up getting donuts
Fruit roll ups wishing we could be a grown up
Being so dumb fucking with the kid call me Lil Dicky Griffey
And my koosh balls big lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Wasup ya'll? let me preface this by saying this is not a Mac Miller diss by any means
I actually like mac miller butt but right now he probably is the most popular rapper excluding Eminem
And I'm just not even close so you can understand why I would rap over one of his beats
I got a little bit of Kobe in me and if Kobe saw Lebron he would wanna rap over one of his beats
Metaphorically speaking I know he ain't Lebron butt but you get what the fuck I'm saying
Maybe he's more of a Jo Johnson type of shit no disrespect
Fuck... this undergrad bitch tryn fuck
And her chest deserves an A like she handle da puck
She know D been bumpin Drake like ya man a Canuk
Homie even if it's May in LA... I'm so fuckin cold
Roll good on that Westside
Hoes cook like they country thick
So hood up in Best Buy
Controller D punkin kids
Loading up the used dishes
Rollin up with two bitches
Hope they old enough
To get folded up I'm not bold enough to do prison
I been drinkin sippin something so horrific ya dig it
Because I tipped the bartender extra then he put extra liquor
In dat shit. Goddamn. Das a misinterpretation
Hate it when they stiff. Overtipping cause I'm caking
Take in errything a mafucka say
Been about rap figured out that from the basement
I ain't talkin bout rap city on black entertainment
Talkin bout the place I was raised in
Plate full uh bacon
Making a bagel and bake on occasion
Back then woulda made rap for grades
Now a mafucka make rap for pay
And them bitches too
Chickens that I'm bangin so appealing
They been Shagging on ma balls like they practicing they fielding and
I Sorta make em pop off
Make em take they socks off
Round the fuckin bases then get pounded like a walk off
Aw naw...
This a fucking statement I'm making
They been hesitating to give lil David space at the table
Cause they label a capable able jew gay and too playful
Watching cable naked the AC blowin major like slater's dad
Why you hater's mad?
Maybe I should get a couple tats
Maybe I should get in trouble and be dumbin down the rap
Look at Mac
White as fuck but lookin thugger than a trap spot
Need another mac 'stead of luggin round this laptop
Blackballed
From the muthafuckin rap blogs
Cause I rap odd never talkin bout a fuckin black card
Ion't gotta play da black card cause I rap hard
Ion't think it mean I gotta act hard
Fuck it tho
Despite dat LD straight fucking hoes
Ma chickens stay hot no buffalo
Ma hand been up in her bod no muppet ho
Whatcha know bout a mafuckin kid up with a job
Coulda fit in with the mob had a kid and a garage
But I didn't now I'm spittin like a mothafuckin slob
Doin shit up in garageband better than the gods of the game do
Ya'll better know ma name soon
I ain't no clown when you laughin out loud
Don't forget you getting down to a great tune
Make room
I'm coming for you muthafuckin rappers spittin dogshit
Yeah I'm fuckin funny but this muthafuckin dog spit
Aw shit... I could write a TV show tomorrow
But before I get dat Emmy I'm a make you bitches sorry that I'm gone
Yeah and once again no disrespect to Mac Mac I actually follow you on Vine I'm fucking with you it looks like your having a pretty ridiculous amount of fun
Sometimes your at a pool sometimes your smoking weed and rapping
Would love to be a part of it if vine is any indicator your life is awesome
Okay I got to go to work lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Yeah fuck you think you dealin' with
Every time ya hear da the kid you know he bout to kill dis shit
Every rhyme is sicker than an ugly bitches period
You know the Jew is building something I ain't talking pyramids
Them bitches with titties they wanna get up at the kid
They instant messaging Dicky they wanna get up on his dick
But I ain't ready to hit it because I'm relatively timid in the bed I admit it
But fuck that gay shit we should fuck soon
Baby whatchu wann do
Tell me when to come through
Take you out to ritas then I'll skeet up where dat tongue blue
D could tweet a freak till I'm peekin' up at a cheek and that physique'll
Have me jackin' ma D if I don't agree to meet at her at her fucking condo
Eat it like a combo
Need it in the mourning or I'm heated like Alonzo
You know that the geek about mack up an actress
Imagining McAdams all on ma mattress
Attackin' ma sack and attractively crackin' ejaccin' we nappin'
The fuck you think you doin'
I'm rappin' some crack and I'm lackin' the practice cause the Jew
Dat's been smackin' the track up and snappin' has actually been doin'
This shit renewing the spit for one year
Fuck it tho
Think you better read about ma fuckin' flow
I'm smoking weed with clueless bitches cheatin' playin' suck and blow
Eatin' on some buffalo chicken fingers on a boat
Went from being honor roll to spreadin' like he on a roll
Haha... Whoa
Okay now I'm on a roll
Scoring got em screaming commentators speaking on a goal
Tourin' writing TV getting greedy but I'm honorable
I swear dat Dicky isn't that conceited but I think it's time to
Roll another spliff and we blowin' that
Salt and vinegar up in the whip yea I'm holdin' that
Bitches droppin' back up in shotgun like they was Flacco or Rodgers
I'm doin 60 so I tell em to stoppit I need to concentrate
The hoes know DI been goin' MIA
I'm in the four door Fiat lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Hey what's up y'all?
It's ya boy Dicky AKA Yung Dick
A$AP Rocky beat
A$AP fuckin' witchu
If you tryna like get on a track collaborate I'm with it
Or like
Even if it's like just getting brunch
I get brunch if you wanted to
I don't know if you get brunch but you should
My treat
So alright hold up
Yo
Riding through ya city tryna find some titties
I'm high enough to think I might be dying word to Whitney
Vagina chicken sticky that's all you gotta give me
And I'm bout it bout it ain't no doubt about it
Lil dicky ehh?
Heard he spit that witty ridiculously offensive shit
Heard he got expensive shit heard that he resent his dick
You heard right muthafucka
I'm a a bright coy white boy kike muthafucka ehh?
So whatchu fittin to do
I got a bitch she brought a bitch now ma dick dinner for two
Okay das fiction but admit it that I'm spittin it smooth enough
To get a jew with some scruff to mack a beauty with boobs and a butt
And plus a flat ass navel twistin' that no dreidel
From the back so fable of me 
Cream cheesin philly bred - so bagel of me
When dicky dead this is never gonna be... so
And I been rollin with a fatty
Boneless chicken patties
Been clubbin like this muthafucka's rollin with a caddy
And now that I been rappin all these bitches holla me
Had to put a daily cap on the head no Aladdin
Know I'm average looking and I'm bragging bout getting chickens
But this spitting got me positioned to be banging out bitches
Outta ma league... Jeff Teague bangin on Griffey
Would never happen less you happen to be hanging with dicky
Oh yeah I'm white killin brothas like I'm up in the klan
Been fucking fly faced honeys like I'm up in sudanm so damn!
I'm a spit it till I get a buggatti
And body two hotties who bodies
Fugazi punanis tsunami - das wet
Puffin sticky you ain't fuckin with lil dicky
Bumpin biggie lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Drinkin' up at summer camp
Itchin' on ma underwear
Dicky got a ton a hair
Money talk rap game Chris Tucker here
Erry' muggle fuckin with' me
Going nuts word to chunky Jiffy
Cold cuts up in the Panini
Mo butt than a Puerto Rican I been tryna freak too
Nowadays Dicky tryna get a little freak to
Nominate Dicky dick for a little free poon
Honestly probably rather have a little sweet boo to let me spoon
Fuck it I'm conflicted
Now that the kid been spitting dat
All types a women starting to listen and part of Lil Dicky sorta wishing
For a chick I can build with start to finish
But an even bigger part of me is tryna fuck
All these twitter bitches pictures looking fine as fuck
Been a girlfriend guy for a while and shucks
This the first time dimes been in line to stuff
But I ain't doin' em all or doin' em raw
Da boy ain't new to the ballin'
Viewing it all just like
A straight Jew at the mall with loot in the wallet
The restraint engrained up into the ball
But I ain't blue in the balls tho
Got a lil' boo up in law school
Freckles all up over her nostrils
She doing me proper lotsa pasta shots of vodka
Tonsil soccer pop then it's off to clasa hasta manana
Being weird again
There he go Kanye being weird again
It's okay he allowed cause he legendary
But I don't really know how to treat this segment
Sippin' on an Orangina
Bout' to see a foreign feature
Skittles and a quarter reefer
I snuck em both inside the theater
Used to do a ton of math
Now I'm close to doing none of that
I'm bout to hire someone's dad
And he about to do a ton of math
Add it up rapping crack gon' stack it up
Back it up ho das whassup
Cracker jacks at the bank
Cole Hamels up drank a cup and I'm kind of buzzed
I'm high as fuck but fuck that
Where them bitches sitting 7th inning finna fuck at
Used to fuck with bitches that was timid with the nutsack
Now I'm fuckin' bitches let me jizz up on they buttcrack
Das a fun fact I'm
Head of ma class and ready for mine
And like a great red in a glass I'm better with time
I mean I came letterman jacket ready to shine
They up designer shit
I'm in footie pajamas bitch
Omelettes bomb as shit
The rhyming sick
Competish can't conquer dis'
I'm legit honest chicks is on ma dick
I ain't a God but... you can call me Deezus
Switch to beat up
Ye I see ya
Bout to make more tortillas
Pork carnitas
Going straight North Korea
Poor Aaliyah
Sorta Lena
Y'all dudes more Madea
Touring writing rapping lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Iight I'm blowing on that sticky shit
Everybody's talking bitches stalking quick as Lawson
When I'm walking to the gym and shit
Everybody wanna get involved with the Dicky kid
I don't even know the deal y'all I'm just killing shit
I ball like I'm playin the wii
Hit up all da ATMS I been paying the fees
Being gay about the stems Dicky weighing the weed
And now these labels on a cleanse got em saying
We need jews oh the dude the scoop boos
Boozing stupid and he rap bruising tunes amusing students
I'm the truth dude
Put some funny shit up on youtube
Now these mafuckas spitting looking shitty as doo doo
Who knew ya dude got a lot to do
I don't fill them bitches up but the lobster do
Plus she licking on my nut like it's pasta too
And now that Dicky blowing up all these bitches so compliant
These days dicky gotta cover up his privates
Bathroom pissing brothas buzzing on some spy shit
Man I wish that my dick was a little bigger
Because I'm in a pickle for riddles about ma pickle
Being minimal criminally abysmal and literally
Women I'm hitting is cognizant of every centimetre
And I'm meeting bitches who seem to be fucking Derek jeter's
Every weekend very freaky don't know what I'm doing to em
These bitches do the type of shit chicks in porn doing
Bathroom beating on my dick right before I do 'em
Man that's my only chance ya know
I'm handsome though
I gotcha lady dancing bro
Man ever since I came up in this motherfucker shit been changed
Every rapper getting madder 'bout the funny shit I'm saying
They be trapping I be napping steady crapping on the game
And like a rabbit out the hat I'm doing magic with the flames man
Better stop comparing me to Andy Milanokis
Andy Samberg Adam Sandler man I swear it's so obnoxious
I don't care about the rarity of care-free song topics
The hilarity and parody is not what's got you noddin when I write
On the mic spit nothing like a white kid
Black bitches even fucking with me cause I'm nice with
Raps booty big as shit I'm in it but she quite thick
Crap from this angle I can barely fit the pipe tip
Like da the white man bright and me don't bite
And me won't fight me done watch da dark knight with a cold sprite
And me so kike kite runner up on da cold night
And me done scrub de body with ton of the old spice
But fuck it
My buddy got a crib Nantucket
And everybody here with a bitch straight fucking
And everybody here know the kid stay bumpin'
My YouTube Smith up on the Knicks they subbing... aww.
I just checked up in yo bitch's pussy up on 4square
Mini golfing oh so often you woulda swore I toured there
Break 'em off up in my office you know I record in there
It's boring there so fuck it
I been caking don't mistake me for some rapper you hating
I'm actually making the hottest fucking tracks in the nation
Like Satan somehow created some elaborate gymnasium
Packing bowls in stadiums came from packing the bowl in basements
Name a rapper in the game spit a flame like you boy can
Everybody know I got it made like a boyband
Everybody know I'm getting laid like a Troy fan
I stay with Trojans on ma shit lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Man I ain't even into being curt dude
But ma head blowin up like I'm the kurt dude
And my friends getting hung up like a shirt do
Now they ain't the only homies fuckin with da burd dude
This for all ma homies lookin like a nerd who
Got a tennis serve and never broke a fucking curfew
I been getting ready for confetti from the first boo
Game 6 I ain't bout to finish like the spurs do
Now they tryna get ya guy a deal
Cause the flow cash money got a tyga feel
All these majors coming at me like I'm tiger healed
But ion't think the labels know about ya guy foreal
We sittin down kickin and riffin diggin the sound
Different from the shit dat's been spittin from typical clowns
Finna give me money in the bag and
Hunnies from the mag and
All the other shit they tell the dummies that can rap
But the fact of the matter is I ain't the rapper
They used to using confusing abusing with da chatter
I mean the dude across the table
Reppin for the label
Probly never met a rapper with a business major
So I am able
To avoid the fatal
Fate that every rapper face in they appraisal
Now I got em thinkin even bartering too
It's probly harder when the fuckin rapper's smarter than you
I came through
Same dude
Same crew
Same jew
And I tell these muthafuckas errything that they ain't knew
Yain't knew? I'm about to get a grammy and leave
Michael Jordan in ma genes since I been 23
Except I ain't ball playin at all sayin da bol
Gave all it the game he played it wrong
Made the songs for the laughs cause
Funny was the path but
Now I really wanna fuck these dummies in they asses
Practiced
Tell me I ain't climbing up that rap list
I bet a lot of fans'll listened to this and feel catfished
Damn where da Dicky dat I used to know
The goofy flow
Ma dude where the humor go
Well truth be told I'll put that in a movie show or musical
But now I'm in the studio
And dudes in the booth knew that the jew can flow
And if you listenin to this shit you should know
I'm too cold in this bitch
To be actin a clown
Fuckin around
If I wanna get ma hands on the crown
I'm getting down letting the smile beset to a frown now
The kid up from the burbs bout to settle in downtown
But maybe that's a bad move
Maybe I'm a fucking pussy if I'm letting people tell me what I can't do
Maybe all these rappers wanna wear the same shoes
Get into the game and never playing cause they can't move
Now I'm thinkin what would Jordan do
Back when everybody only wore a boring shoe
If he settled for what every other scorer used
Then you dudes wouldn't ever get the Jordan 2s
I'm snoring through ya muthafuckin tours and tunes
The game needs change now it's short a few
And I don't mean to harp about the Jordan dude
But there's a little bit of him in this adoring jew
Of course you listen to that thinkin I mean I'm great
You mistake thinkin of rap and I what I want a play
J wanted baseball
But he nice at playin ball
When he went away we acting like he went all AWOL
Always got a trade off
I see Jay and Kanye the same way I see Larry David
It's clichÈ
And I know I'm gonn make it
But I dunno if I prefer as Dicky or as David
I guess it's sorta like the sox and bulls
But I can't leave yet gotta lot to prove
But I'm a rock ma shoes watch the toes
And if it hurts then I'm a find Dr. Scholl's
And... one day I'm a find satisfaction from rappin
Or acting or cracking up factions of black kids
Adapting to whatever is in front of me
And like Mike I'm a be aight because of me
One life better think of who you wanna be
It's your eyes doesn't matter what they wanna see
You do it right you the only one you need to please
You ain't that alive till you doin something you believe
Dis the type of shit that's making D
Think twice bout the mafuckin comedy
Cause the mic got a mafucka on his knees
Twerk dicky dicky dicky twerk
Twerk dicky lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Let's go it's your boy LD A.K.A. watch your girl pussy homie
Y'all missed me don't you? I stay with a boner I'm typically hard
My dickheads I'm sorry for keeping you waiting
Just know that I miss you 
Been leaving you all out to dry in the dark
Like a cum loaded tissue 
I woke up this morning like fuck it I got to address all the fans 
I need y'all to know I got plans 
I need y'all to know I been slaving away on my debut
I'm taking a page out the playbook of Jay Big and Dre Nas and Ye
If you studying rap like I study it then
You would know what the fuck I been tryin' to say 
It's harder to wait 
But it's gotta be great 
And then when I drop that shit all y'all gonna be like  
To everyone listening I think that it's cool that we know what they don't 
It's not about if only when and it's fun to be in on the joke
Just did my first shows nervous as shit never been on the road
Started in Philly I signed my first titty I killed dat shit
Still I ain't fucking no hoes (like no pussy it's sad)
A part of the reason is none of the venues equipped with a shower 
So I leave for an hour and when I come back ain't no bitches around 
I fuck with this sound
Rapping like Migos is fun for a clown
I could say anything and at the end of my statement
This cadence will make it profound
Like for example ya man is about to go ham in the kitchen
I'm fixin a sandwich 
All it is is some turkey and mayo but tell me that shit ain't dramatic! 
It's stupid emphatic
Stomach is fucked I been poopin' erratic 
New Santa Monica dude I just moved in in March
And I'm bout to get into some Madness
Don't confuse what my plan is
I never go out 
I meant that my bracket about get sandy
The beach on my house (ehh more like three blocks away)
I'm newly an Uncle 
My bro had baby (he did she cute)
I'll be on by the time she can talk
Her first words'll be  
Can't wait to be famous 
That shit gon' be wild 
I'm lookin' at Jason Sudeikis like who my Olivia Wilde 
I love Anna Kendrick 
She never tweet back (not once ever)
I figure she's busy or think that I'm creepy
But baby I'm not! 
I just have this vision where both of us living like Bonnie and Clyde
That's you as a singer and me as a rapper
We could be like Jay and Beyonce for whites 
That would be the life
I'd buy the Sixers and make you my wife
Nah I'm just kiddin' I've only been smitten
With totally fictional characters right? 
You could be a grouch 
You could be so mean 
You could be the type that need warning with oral to avoid the cream 
That's graphic as fuck 
But some bitches is bougie 
Forgive me I just wanna make this pitch perfect I love all your movies 
I need me some pussy 
I'm scared of the AIDS 
I wish I was reckless
There's rappers that's been getting head up on stage 
I'm way too afraid 
My dick been enraged
But soon when I'm fuckin in public post nut he'll look up atcha boy and say  
I'm just fuckin with the flow
You know I still be on that ya ain't really fuckin with da boy
I got 150 different ways to cut dat
Love rap
Soon they'll be fuckin with the dork like a humpback
Yeah I'm bout to bring the fun back
Every other rapper need to go get and get a dunce cap
Now I got a one track
Mind till I run rap
Mine till I'm done
Wack rhymes better run rap 
Mafucka shit is done wrapped 
You ain't wanna see me come back 
Y'all hot for a summer in July in Arizona
Lil Dicky literally is where the sun at
Knowing y'all gotta show you where the sun at 
All of y'all been bad where my son at? 
Where my son at? 
Where my son at? 
Where my son at? 
Come get spanked lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Aye y'all on the real
I've been like over thinking everything these days
And I just wanted to come in today
And just have no plan and just make a song
So this song ain't about shit it's just what I'm thinking
I should have done this before
I ain't got no plans for it but it's fun to explore
I ain't got no pants on because I'm under record
I been some non-constrictive type of shit
I left my skinny jeans up on the floor of my adorable apartament
Pardon me part of me hard to believe
Retarded part of me smart as a Harvard graduate deaggregate
Well above the averages wondering where my salad is
I hate when they get salads but
It's hard for me to challenge that
I need to fucking balance all the crap that I devour
I been scouring the internet been tryna find an intimate
Place to take an Tinder date
Straight up I'm amazed at how infrequently they pick me
I been spitting great you think again my ass a dinner date
I'm thinking 'bout my gas last I looked at that graphic shit
Was creeping to the E that's a terrible habit man
Honestly your boy been way to busy making dicky shit
Gotta rap gotta get up on the map gotta get a nap
Gotta get it cracking and get a plaque
Gotta go attract the masses but it's such molasses going
Slow as slow can go
I don't even know if I could wait
I just wanna run but I'm growing out of shape
In my PJ's being DJ hit a replay tryna get a little leeway
Overthinking every little thing it's crazy
You ain't got to be rapping so crazy just to persuade the nation
That you know how to be rapping amazing
Bro on occasion you should let it go and let your brain flow
And say whatever come into... oh my God that girl's so hot
Suck my dick ho suck my dick
Suck my dick ho suck my dick
Come suck my dick ho suck my dick
Or at the very least touch my dick
Okay excuse my libido
But the titties on that girl homie holy toledo
I just wanna see the world think of all of it's people
I'm living so regal but wonder what I'd see through a peephole
Into Kinsacha or some shit impossible but
It's probable they got a lot of people feeling some stuff so
Oddly enough I could probly become a buff
I bet they got a show up on Discovery but fuck it
I don't really care out of tupperware plus I'm out of underwear
I swear that doing laundry such a process I don't wanna bare
I want a bear that I can train just imagine pouring rain
And comin' home and there's a panda snoring on the floor
That you can hug and praise hundred days
Since I fucked that lady don't play me it's crazy
But I stay in unless they play shit rotten tomatoes
Lable eighty seven the higher I are I admire art
Well certain kind of art I hate them paintings that
I swear that your boy can make and I'm tryna get in shape
By avoiding cake and I wanna get a place where the boys can stay
With a gate when they visit Dave in LA
What a shame vaca days is dead to me
Instead dude get bread to them
My best moves at your venues and my set playing in your bedroom
That's head to me real shit and my hand doing real slick
Cause I swear to y'all I ain't plan for this
It's new territory but it's real shit
And I'm real pissed this took an hour
Instead of days but it's amazing
What's spontaneity do for ya
And if you don't like it you can...
I like the way this came out that hook is fire
You know what I'm saying?
That hook is the easiest hook I ever made in my fucking life
And that shit is that shit goes lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Oooo
I ain't seen a guy get the clout that quick
Erry mafucka say he great right now we could doubt that shit
Au revoire
Yung dick talkin bout all of yíall
Young tits looking like mardi gras I might sharpie yaíll
Iím tryn party dog Iím like ughh
Iím just tryn fuck
Erry mafucka in the way been fucked
Erry mafucka in the game been butt
Burd running circles yíall been duck
Iont gotta chill who the fuck been yíall
Fam getting killed on some chris benoit
Iont got a deal but the meal quinoa and I got it for a steal cuz the bill been comped
The server know L like he so suburban and shit
He just been murdering shit like he take it too personal shit
Word is the shit that be purple up in that kid history is slightly perverted and shit
Word is thereís 32 bitches who last name is tinder up in that kid phone
His profile been strong
I can't compete with these pictures like why is he on?
Suck dick mafucka
Suck dick mafucka Im just tryna get the hoes on the down low
Iont even got friends in this town I just moved to LA so I date cuz Iím outgoing
Kinda lonely too
Ex girl got another homie too Iím not mad just kinda sad
But it help that these hoes like rap
Itís about damn time that the boy LD bout to get up in the fun shit
Im the goddamn man like damn erry time a mafucka hit the function
Now the man wit a tan got a plan and I dare a mafucka make assumptions
I dont care I ain't there Iíll be damned if im bout to go and let up on the gumption
Ugh
They ain't really ready
I ain't even hard
But I stay wit da semi
Bitches in the car you could say I got a bevy
Shit pretty par dicky do it on the the reggy
Lotta yall ainít probly never heard of on the reggy
Das a lil something lil dicky just invented
Now the white kids gonna say it on the reggy
You could say I pull the strings when itís cool lil penny
I just hit the double digits fucking bitches
Out in Venice hearing mafuckas bumpin dicky
They treat a youngin like Iím Caesar with the ass kissing
That line about a fucking salad if you ain't get it
But I ain't tryn get tossed rap been lost
Like the map been off
They blowing smoke like the back exhaust
Fact you soft like an overcooked linguine noodle
You bitch made I ain't fuckin witchu lil poodles
Ma vocab the bomb
Iím the don with the lexicon
Cats pajamas
Eastside reppin
Westside stepping
You know im the man goddamn it
I just got a handjob damn it
Like from a masseuse
She was tryn fuck I ain't let her pursue
I ain't got 160 bucks
Plus I mentally connect with the hoes I fuck
And this was a whore
I mean a literal whore
Not like massages in porn
This was an overweight asian
With no aspirations
We never developed rapport
Eatin boarís head in my other whoreís bed
Well not a whore but you know she ain't a girlfriend
We still about to get it crackin paul george leg
I got a napkin if I cum within the foreplay
Itís about damn time that the boy LD bout to get up in the fun shit
Im the goddamn man like damn erry time a mafucka hit the function
Now the man wit a tan got a plan and I dare a mafucka make assumptions
I dont care I ain't there Iíll be damned if Iím bout to go and let up on the gumption
Iono the definition fuck is average
I been sittin watching waiting so impatient like itís baggage
Claim Iím bout to be the greatest naked pictures in my chat
These other rappers fucking lazy word to bangin in a hammock
But yíall ain't even hangin
Yíall ain't in the running
Boy Iím fucking up the track like da youngín into running
Yíall are lighter with the fire I want a match
He be like naw Iím bout it bro how you get at that
Like these bitches tryn rap
They onít get they time wrappin
Iím coming
Like Iím fucking
They underwood and to be frank I ain't fronting
Word to Kevin Kevin spacey Iím another level
Debatably crazier than shit they play beside the porn that you playing
At a matinee eatin dip n dots
Iím getting checks fuck I care that my twitter not
Okay I care a little bit
Algorithm isnít doin itís job
Iím assuming itís flawed
They probably not believing in Hobbes
The nice boy been ballin
White boy been a damn king scott pollard
Gotta tell my mom stop callin
But dog she confused about ma destiny
Making me repeat myself like I was judging spelling bees but
Iím just tryna smoke weed grab a quesarito
Got azul by a Spanish chick. Muy bonito
Or bonita
Das ma vida
Keep the rapping tight both ways
Dexterous
Where my rita
And when itís yíall itís a nice sound when itís me it be like errbody pipe down
Yíall the background
Play ya part ho
Chex mix grubbin up at wells fargo
Had to make a new account didnít want the checks mixed
Yíall are tryna fit in Iím the one who playin tetris
This is the beginning of my day itís only breakfast
Yíall the mini bars
Yíall got mini bars
Ma girl ass thick thatís my minotaur
You hear it fading but you crave another minute hard
Thatís the difference when you david to these bigger stars
But you know goliath getting rocked he gone finish scarred
Iím bout to break erry recordÖ.white girls fall lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Yeah
I feel like people are really weird about admitting when theyíre scared
If youíre not scared ever youíre just lying or something
Youíre being weird
Ten days in the bay left
And I donít mean to overthink that
Got a one way straight to L.A.X
And I ainít blink yet
I know youíd think that
Iíd of figured out this whole thing
Like where his chink at?
Segue to Lil Dicky getting bigger than a Yao Ming
But can I shrink that?
Where my shrink at?
I donít know what to feel
Everything has gotten totally real
Everything I always wanted right in front of me with nobody near
So itís weird that Iím overly scared
But Iím so unprepared
Holding the beer Iím withholding the fear
Not in the clear but Iím kind of revered
And yeah I might appear like the chill type
The veneer is not real in the real life
What it feel like?
Thanks giving I was missing I ainít even miss ëem
Girlfriend hella distant I ainít even listen
Only shit I really care about is spittiní writtens
This is the beginning
Iím just getting into the game
My worldís not spinning the same
The shit looking like itís bigger than Dave
Itís so crazy
But when all this sitting at stake
I canít break even if Iím afraid it might change me
Look if you let me
You know I could get deep
Baby hope you ready
Iím coming through
Running you
Thatís what I do
Just know that itís all for you
So what you gonna choose?
Afraid to say okay
And I know Iím not gonna get in the way
But Iím afraid
Who I wanna be is what I became
But Iím ashamed
Ainít no coming back
Facing what I wanted but itís all fucking weird
At night Iím really scared
I ainít made from the projects
But you know I treat the game like a project
So you know itís not the same kind of progress
Different process but I digress
Other rappers didnít blow overnight
They ainít had a nine to five that was totally right
They was all up on the grind from the moment they write
At twenty five hadnít even done a show in my life
Itís like damn Iím a rapper how did that happen?
I was making ads then back when
Only used to rapping to my Mac then
Packed venues came through like shoot letís practice
Tryin' tell you I ainít bred for this shit
Despite that feeling like Iím meant for this shit
But like that everything depends on this shit
And I ainít betting against it
But I ainít had a moment to reflect what Iím betting against it
Iím next even though itís pretentious I sense it
Relentless but it leave me defenseless
I guess I should learn to accept it but itís hectic
Oh you want a condensed list?
Iím worried that Iím about to give my all to it hundred percent
You ainít gotta know it all to discover whatís left
Pretty fucking intense
And I worry that I got a lotta gall when it come to success
Telling y'all this a hundred percent
But what happens if I fall short of what I call the surest of bets?
Cause whatís a hundred percent?
Whatís a hundred percent?
Is that it take a lot to make me content
And Iím ëbout to chase around a legend that I fucking invented
While Iím neglecting everybody that I love and respected
Because I hate the thought of coming in second
And I donít want to do no second guessing when it come to progressing
Because I really couldnít stomach regretting my effort
When Iím at the end and Iím assessing if I could of done better
I better be able to be it or never
Or be the best ever
But if somehow Iím really that special
Then Iím about to deal with mad pressure
I fear that when I finish my assessment I'mma be in depression
Because Iíll see a lot of me as regressing
Itís obvious to me to be the best a lot of me is repressing itself
I wonder what Iíll see in reflections?
I wonder if Iíll run into a woman cool with coming in second?
Or if Iím bound to be the fool at the weddings?
Alone and regretting the whole thing
Now youíre seeing why itís so big
What would y'all do if y'all were the old me?
Get involved and you gotta give the whole thing
This is no fling lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
LD A.K.A. the urologist this my year show them D
Okay I'm 'bout to do it all
I don't think I'm stopping 'til it's mountains of my balls
Y'all like oh dear like I'm mounted on the wall
But the way I'm 'bout it 'bout it my accountant getting mauled
His wife 'bout to leave his ass
He been working all night while she give him baths
Actually I'm pretty light like within his tasks
He got bigger clients but I'm nice so just let me bask
These white bitches let me smash
I get scared though no bravado
Third base for the O's like Machado
Miss I ordered this with Avocados thanks
Ey walk up in this bitch like I was born bread
Going deeper with this spitting like some porn head
Picture every rapper laying on the floor dead
While I'm in a chair cross legged eating corn bread
I just fucked a black chick yeah I'm proud
If that's racist suck a black dick
I'm the one who going straight to the top
Don't mistake it it's not that flagrant when you blatantly flop
And plus I stay down like my date gown in this bitch
I'm about to hit the playground straight clown all these kids
I'm watching ladybugs with your lady I got it made like that
Cleaning house like a maid might rap
I don't play with you lame type cats
Say the same shit for days motherfucker if you cold I got flames
You're the ice caps
I bet money y'all don't even know about the ice caps
I don't know that much either
Push the button lean the couch back everybody chill
Time to feel better than the free bread at the outback
This so good chill put your phone back
Feeling better than the free bread at the outback
Eat that shit like we supposed to do
Take a rib get it in while it's toasted too
They be like chill Dicky chill I want another
They be like chill Dicky chill
You see the butter on that motherfucker?
'Bout time someone bringing back that east coast
I got that shit that make a Rabbi be like preach bro
Cory turned Marshawn now it's beast mode
I don't buy her sushi but she still be licking me so
I'm getting pussy like I'm Tebow if he a virgin I'm a cheese scone
Motherfucker I ain't no cheese scone I'm a grown man
I'm just saying that lil David is coming got Perrier in abundance
I'm with a bitch who pushing fingers down
That's saying she want it
Don't look it's head up on the table label that seven nothing
I'm faded snacking on Funyuns while making raps
That's a luncheon
I'm packing a punch and packing lunch and packed in incumbents
Rapping dumber than some tackle football
With no pads to a motherla
That's how you know it's going down
Philly D so you know I keep that Hoagie around
Philly beef we don't fuck with that baloney clown
Y'all made a mess let me just push that old Zamboni around
That's for hockey if you curious
Treat you like my bitches only peep between the periods
Treat you like my dishes only need you when I mentioned
To be eating something viscous y'all deliciously inferior
Dicky sicker than Nigeria
All types of health issues over there lot of AIDS
Don't fuck with me don't fuck with me please don't fuck with me
I wouldn't like it at all
I'm about to buy a monkey and just chill with him
Like in three years buy a monkey and just chill with him
Dressing him well as fuck like throwing overalls on that monkey
Naming him some shit like Greg like some normal ass name
Like just Greg and and like and like really develop a strong
A strong relationship with the monkey
I assume he become one of my better friends
Professional Rapper coming out this fall I feel bad for the game
I feel the hope sometimes I just feel bad for the game
They ain't ready woah I I just got a fucking Hinge match
Like throwing that out y'all just got a Hinge match y'all on Hinge?
It's really irresponsible not to be lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Wassup y'all?
I realized I never kinda just like full on swagged on cats
You know what I mean? And I was thinking about that
And like damn D why the fuck not? You know I mean?
Your swag is a is a real thing I think
And I've been looking at other rappers swag
And being intimidated by it but like why?
I'm an impressive young man
I guess I could tell you I'm blowing up big
And I'm 'bout to get money
Although I ain't joking America also agree that I'm funny
The rapping you like it
Oh this is some shit I picked up in my twenties
I'm really a writer you knew it it's stupid
I got an eight hundred come fuck with that
Lil ho come fuck with that
Honestly I could have had whatever fucking job
I wanted in the country
But I fuck with rap real shit bro I fuck with rap
And I don't mean it like I fuck with that
I mean it like I run amuck in that
I talk about somebody cock and I buzz off that
Know I'm saying? I'm the man right now
Act like ya man playing right now
Act like I ain't get hundred granding in from the fans right now
Act like I ain't planned that out
Act like I'm not about to get them bitches from the mag
Picture that right cauce I rap nice I'm attractive to that type
Living that life and I'm naturally that likeable
That right dimple not like the left but it's barely worse
Bitches playing marry fuck kill inevitably become Mz. Burd
Go head and fuck them I'm real and my jumper is ill
Y'all got swag but I got reservations
Ya just boys and I'm the voice of my generation
Like I really belive that like I think I'd get us
Run it back homie talking shit pipe down
I don't care 'bout history I'm the shit right now
You can tell me that I'm brash but it's hardly a fight
I've been tryna tell you hoes I ain't cocky I'm right
Swagga on a hundred milligram I can play the villain fam
Put your boy in any room I swear to God he still the man
Lil homie I am Obama
You the man among some bitches bunch of lying Juwannas
Flex run it back homie talking shit pipe down
I don't care 'bout history I'm the shit right now
You can tell me that I'm brash but it's hardly a fight
I've been tryna tell you hoes I ain't cocky I'm right
I ain't cocky I'm right I ain't cocky I'm right
Everything I say I do and I ain't stopping tonight
Swagga swagga swagga swagaa
That's really fun to say like that y'all should try it
If you ever get some free time or on my level
I never done acting but somehow I still get auditions for movies
The last one I went after Bob Odenkirk
And that's Saul if you clueless
The way they react to my rapping
It show me it's bigger than music
At shows they be laughing then dancing
They never seen anyone do this
Come fuck with that
Lil ho come fuck with that
Was in the number one department in the country
I was one up in my class coulda run with that
Biz week coulda run with that then Lil D had a run with ads
Lil D wrote couple for the League got them on TV
Then was done with that y'all high I'm matterhorn
And no offense I matter more
The Rec League like Steve LD winning back to back
With scattered blacks then smack y'all in scattegories
You in a trash like category I'm getting ass no statutory
You seeing red I'm matadoring
Ya rap is boring and wack deplorable
Lack the morals that make mine allegorical
I'm the motherfucking man of my time right now
Got ya whole team looking at the man like damn
That's LeBron that's Durant that's Assange
That's your aunt on my cock say I can't
Even parents fucking with me
Bro I'm so comfy with myself but here snuggle with me
Like please come here and snuggle
See what the fuck happen to you you gon' like it I'm real warm
I shift my weight so your legs won't fall asleep
I didn't even mention how nice I was at tennis neither
So lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
ìHello?í
ìHi any better out here?î
ìYeah much better yeah.î
ìBuenos noches.î
"Youíre back from Machu Pichu and youíre speaking Spanish?î
ìItís ëbuenas tardesí.î
ìSo howís Dave Burd doing?"
ìAh heís alright you know. Taking it one day at a time.î
ìUmÖî
"Well wait can we hearÖ say a little bit more about what that means?"
"Uh yeah I mean Iím here in LA I just moved here obviously.î
"Wait wait wait weíre still having trouble. Maybe you should try calling him back Jean."
"Yes now I can. Yep."
"No now we canít."
"Wait Stewart let him talk. Go ahead."
"Yes. We can go ahead."
'Ok Stewart let him talk about whatís going on with him."
ìAlright lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
"Hello how can I help you?"
"Hi my name's Dave Burd. I have an appointment today. it's probably under 'Lil Dicky ' actually. I'm a... I'm a rapper so..."
"Ok and who are you here to see?"
"Uh Snoop Dogg? Says here 
"Oh yeah. He's right down the hall. First door to your right. Give him a knock and he should be right with you."
"Thanks. It's uh this door right here right?"
Grab a seat
Thanks I'm Dave very nice to meet
Dave what it do? You can call me Dogg
Let me just check your sheet
No problem sir let me just say
I'm a big fan of the shit that y'all make
I can't lie I been thinking about this all day
All good there's a reason that we called Dave
Let me start with your background
Where you come from?
Sure I was undergrad down there in Richmond
Before that
Oh you talking bout my hometown?
Yeah
I was born out of Philly grew up in a little silly old town called Cheltenham
It was in the suburbs upper-middle wealth around
So real shit you ain't never had to struggle for much
I wouldn't say it like that we just had a different kind of trap
Elaborate
Well I ain't never had a tool but I had to be the man at school
Like I was doing shit I had to do so when I finished undergrad I'm cool and I can get whatever job I wanted
But the job you wanted wasn't all that bumping
Yeah and I saw it quick all the flaws that be coming when you grow up like that
Know you been racing them rats you ain't been making them raps
Boo hoo what a hardship
How you paid to get the rap shit started?
Man my Bar Mitzvah money
But don't diss me buddy I wasn't one of them younguns up on the block who had nothing to lose
I must've wanted this a lot I had something to choose
Look at that I can say there's something to prove up in your ass
Yeah I guess
That's enough of the past what makes you want to do rap?
Oh my God it's the best
Bitches let me draw up on their breasts
Literally I can reinvent myself
I get a forum to project myself
It's never boring every morning I wake up and try to best myself
I never got to be suppressed or stealthy to express myself
It's kinda healthy
Cool now let me put you through a couple hypotheticals
Sure
In a club and a couple niggas threaten you
Uh I wouldn't do shit
And I don't even get what that got to do with this?
Shut the fuck up rap's like life
If you wanna do this then you won't get far acting like a little bitch
Nah that's my niche!
Don't get offended by this but that's the market y'all missed
That's the target I'll hit
And that's the heart of my pitch
I wanna do this whole thing different
What the fuck you mean you wanna do the whole thing different?
Uh you know I-I think like you know
Traditionally people have been doing the job the same kind of way for a long time
But traditionally speaking this shit works right?
Nah like I get that but I-I just think that you know
You don't know if it could be working even better
And I think you should look at me as an opportunity to find that out
I don't mean any disrespect by that
I'm just saying I have a different background
Like a different perspective way of looking at things than your typical applicant
So what are your biggest strengths?
Well my flow is crazy I can switch that amazing
For example I can be like ain't nobody fucking with Lil Dicky
When he get up on that shit and spit it sick and ridiculous
Ripping this shit like it's never been did and the rhythm is never predictable
Cause I can switch it deliver this shit to whatever cadence you bitches prefer
Alright alright I get it
Top of that lyrically I'm pretty damn clever 
Got a long bottom bitch called a hoe Neville 
And I blow it from the jump Derrick Rose knee 
You can say I'm pretty smart how I know better
And y'all been winning like Pistorius there's no feet.
Bro I can go on and on
I'm taking over any man like father in laws
OK enough of the punchline that ain't showing me you different from the other guys
Well I don't know if they can run it like that
But ain't nobody else doing funny type rap
What's that?
Well I can tell a story about my morning
Watching Boy meets World and jerking off to Topanga Lawrence
Like the 14 year old Topanga
Oh this shit like a joke to you?
I don't get it
Nah it ain't like that I just happen to be a nutty abundantly funny type of individual
Like it's a guy
So when I get up on the mic I ain't finna just lie
Real recognize real right?
Yeah I guess
So what you trying to do?
Five years from now tell me bout the dude
Well I don't care about the money
Like it's the respect that I'm wanting
Honestly I just want to be one of the greats
For they gotta bring ya boy every debate.
I don't wanna leave the game the same
In a nutshell what's your legacy?
Well I wanna be the dude that came in and made the stand up rap
With the random rap and the man like that for the people that was anti-rap
Yet the fans of rap started recognizing anti-rap is ironically one of the real brands of rap left
That shit sound pretty damn complex
I guess I wanna be the best
I just wanna do it my way
And turn the whole game sideways
And show people you ain't gotta be resigned to the highway
You can make a path while these motherfuckers drive straight
I ain't mad at that
Well thanks man that's my plan of my attack
Just let me in and I'm a rap the plaques
And I ain't about to win them back to back
I'm bout to win them like it's back to back to back to back to back
Til I stop rapping
You ain't even sold a damn album yet
True
That's a lot of talk from a wiley vet
Let alone a young rook nigga
You misread me
Nah this ain't a book nigga
Well that's one of my flaws I'm too competitive dawg
No you just fucking repetitive dawg
I get it you trying to be better than all
But you ain't shit until cheddars involved
I get that I gotta prove myself
No shit you ain't done shit
But think about that though
Only doing this a couple of years
One tape and I'm like this?
This shit is aight for your first shit
But you don't know if it's your worst shit
You don't think finding out would be worth it?
It might be it might not
But I'm a put your ass to work kid
Wait like like I have the job? Like really?
Well one more thing let me see if you could put a hook together
What would you do for the hook for this song?
You want me to make a hook up right now?
Do I look like the type of nigga that like repeating himself?
Alright uh okay
Man do the hook!
I'm bout to be professional
Homie I'm professional
Uh maybe like a low voice type thing?
Nigga that shit is garbage man
Well you know I feel like there might have been some upside to it
But I'm not good at thinking of things on the spot like that
Don't y'all normally like outsource for that kind of thing sometimes?
Sometimes but you know that was some next level Dogg shit right there
Yeah you know I'm just way better when I get to think things through
Have my like that dual screen action that type of thing
Whatever man you trying to smoke a blunt?
Right now?
Yeah
Sure
[Lil Dicky Snoop Dogg & :]
Dope. Juanita bring some weed in here please. Thank you
(You got it Snoop. I'll be right there.)
Thanks Juanita. Super nice woman
Nigga why does everything you say sound so soft?
Uh I really don't wanna be spoken to like that so...
Whatever. Thanks
(Hey I got y'all y'all weed.)
Damn that's some great looking weed. It's just so early
D-Did you just say head?
I mean... Just feels like... A lot right now
But what kind of tea do you guys have?
(We got mint raspberry earl grey english breakfast...)
Actually lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
LD
A.k.a the Time Traveler's Wife
I like to play it cool like I'm not that
On the low who'd assume that I got that
I don't know but the dude with the tall frappe
Looking all aloof being all that
Even Babe Ruth wouldn't call that
I don't even sweat it though
They been hesitant as if my credit low
And shit'll hit them quicker than an edible
I'm 'bout to run for Senate ho you ain't even centerfold
Been on top of cheese I ain't talking 'bout oregano
I'm talking 'bout your cheddar homie revel in that
I'll hit a college and I'm fucked like I'm pledging a frat
They 'bout to silhouette my nuts on American flags
Estoy contento muy estupendo
Better hearse word to rent-a-car Dicky Tony K
Y'all the Le Batard speaking to you lames that's a seminar
I'm straight like a pleasant bar ain't nobody ready for my repertoire
I wasn't getting credit like a debit card
But never mind had to give them time to adapt
I'm kind of like a rap rendition of a fry in a wrap
Just try it as that
You rappers Rebel Wilson's vagina you stank!
I take it back I don't know that ho
And bro they used to
Look around the boy wouldn't raised they head
Now they looking at the boy like the main event
He don't even got a rap sheet looking like a mathlete
How the fuck is he the one that come in with the crack
We like "Who knew who knew?"
Used to look at me like "who you who you?"
Now they look at me like "Who knew who knew?"
Now it's Dicky with this who knew who knew?
Now they look at me like
I am hip-hop Heisenberg
Young boy got dough for a quiet nerd
I am rap game Walter White
You might get killed thinking that he all polite
Buzz around the city coming out of Philly
I'm about to get a milli being me that's word to milli
I'm looking super silly but cooking like at Chili's
You look at me like  but I look at you like 
Oh you new here I'm the bomb
Ok I'm Lebron ok I'm the one
Ok all that shit confusing that's a quandry
What you call a pussy with a movement that's a Ghandi
I'm tryna get better but science preventing
Because I'm undeniably clever the highest of levels
I'm high in a sweater but rhyming like I'm lying in pepper
Don't mind the endeavor I bet I do better than veterans
Cheddaring let him on Letterman
Get him on L and I'm on boy
I think I need a therapist the way I get in my dome
Doing D like they was Syracuse when they up in they zone
Used to load it on chrome now I really ball
Living like a fucking letter man never mailing the song
Though the dime flow rubbing combos in Tom's shoes
With blonde hoes getting Peyton like the Broncos
I'm on ho vanilla looking but the rest of y'all the John Does
It's pretty odd bro cause they used to
Look around the boy wouldn't raised they head
Now they looking at the boy like the main event
He don't even got a rap sheet looking like a mathlete
How the fuck is he the one that come in with the crack
We like "Who knew who knew?"
Used to look at me like "who you who you?"
Now they look at me like "Who knew who knew?"
Now it's Dicky with this who knew who knew?
Now they look at me like
I am hip-hop Heisenberg
Young boy got dough for a quiet nerd
I am rap game Walter White
You might get killed thinking that he all polite
Get up off my dick ho
That's an unassuming dick though
Get up off my dick ho
That's an unassuming dick though
("Who knew who knew?"
Used to look at me like "Who you who you? ")
Get up off my dick ho
That's an unassuming dick though
(Now they look at me like "Who knew who knew?"
Now it's Dicky with this who knew who knew?)
Get up off my dick ho
That's an unassuming dick lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Drunk faded browned out looking all shady
Two months since I fucked a lady young man dick going crazy
Standard Saturday I'm about to get a cab and masturbate
Then I see a hot girl look back at Dave
Lemme get your cat girl no Hathaway
That's what I thought not what I said to her
Instead I walk up to her like "I know you heard of the kid
You heard what I did you heard of my shit the murderous spit."
She's like "Naw you're being weird what are you talking about?"
I'm like 
Pulling out my phone like a boss YouTube 'bout to get her off
But as I type the y-o-u some porno pop up
I'm like "Hold up how did that's not even me
Like I don't jerk off mobily..."
Then her friends coming up
And wanna know if everything is okay
I'm like "Naw this a rape you can't tell?
Gimme a break please. Get the heck away."
I turned to her "Let me buy you a drink" she like 
Told the man "Two Patron" she like 
Said he tried twice the card got declined
I'm like "All ri- is this a could it be a machine issue?
He was like "Naw"
I was like "Obviously there's something wrong
I got dough like I'm not broke...
I got donuts with the same card like about an hour ago."
He like "Dude I don't know."
Now I'm looking at the girl she just wanna go
And I ain't talking 'bout with me bro I mean alone
I got one more chance to prove myself so I'm like
"Look I'm athletic girl I've gotten several Rec League MVP's
At my crib I've got some pizza plus a little bit of weed
In my room I've got a TV plus I recently did sheets
Girl I even have a fridge that has the water on the door
Like with the crushed ice"
You know I don't give a damn what your plan right now
This is me coming at you as a man right now
Lemme freak lemme freak God dammit lemme freak
Just lemme freak please God just lemme freak
The girl from the first verse somehow let me fuck
Fast forward seven months we in love
Some real serious relationship type shit
Despite this I ain't fucked for days
Tried last night but was pushed away
But I've been acting well behaved today I smell okay
Adele Pandora's playing now she laying
On the floor and I'm praying this bitch is horny
I go and give her a smooch
She kissing Dicky back so I play with her boobs
Bad move she don't like that
Bad mood her boss being mean to her
Via email she wanna write back
I'm like 
She like "Yeah what do I say can you just help me?"
"Oh okay what's the context?"
Then she like "Well he talks to Jane before coming to me."
 I said she like "Wow you should know that..."
"Okay I guess I forgot" she like "Dude that's my other boss."
"Okay true so shouldn't your first boss
Go to the other boss before you? Right?"
 she yelled
"Okay well I just don't understand the dynamic then
I don't work with these people." She started crying
"Wait stop what the fuck is this?"
"Naw you don't ever take my side."
About an hour later til' I'm on her good side
We in bed hands on her good thighs
I try to kiss she like  but I'm like
"Look I just turned off The Departed for a movie 'bout a bee
I've been cutting back on farting tweeting arguing and weed
Yesterday I wore a cardigan at dinner with your sweet
And supportive aunt during the fourth quarter of the Eagles
Now reward it.."
You know I don't give a damn what your plan right now
This is me coming at you as a man right now
Lemme freak lemme freak God dammit lemme freak
Just lemme freak please God just lemme freak
Fast forward some more June sixteenth twenty seventy four
Old LD looking old as fuck still with the same ho holding up
But my life sucks legs hurt friends dead real terse
My dick looking like it's tinfoil
Her tits looking like they hard boiled eggs
On top of that she insane
Like I don't even think she knows who I am
Our kids moved away we've been doing the same shit for days
Maybe months who knows probably going to die soon
Pretty scared I ain't even gonna lie to you
Think about it all day on my last legs
But I'm going out with a bang
I got pills they invented back in fifty seven
I took five that's a bit excessive
I look high take a look at my thighs
And good god that's a little erection it'll work though
Now I've gotta find the ho I'm pretty much blind at this point
I don't know if I mentioned that yet but I am
Made my way into the bedroom and there she is I'm like
"Look I don't know if you're aware that
You've been throwing out my shoes
What I do know is I'm sick of doing nothing here with you
All my blood is in my dick I'm probably dying pretty soon
Are you even comprehending what I'm saying
Please acknowledge that you hear me..."
You know I don't give a damn what your plan right now
This is me coming at you as a man right now
Lemme freak lemme freak God dammit lemme freak
Just lemme freak please God lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Lemme freak! (I don't give a damn what you playin right now this is me comin at you as a man right now lemme freak)
I'm talkin to ya (lemme freak Goddamn it lemme freak just lemme freak)
Girl I smell that pussy across the room
There's no disrespect they could make that shit perfume
Oh good God I'm nasty
Don't look around girl I'm lookin at you
What's good? I'm Dave
What's your name? Where you from? Who you with?
What's your policy on birth control? When were you last tested? Girl I gotta know
If you gon let me hit it raw you gotta go
That would be crazy irresponsible
You know I only get with a bitch I mentally respect
We ain't even gotta fuck unless you and me connect
Minimally I'd like to ejaculate somehow though
Girl I don't think I'm being unreasonable unless you that naive that you thought this was a friend thing
I hope you not a freak so don't moan and spool your body soak and wet
My bad I know I sweat 
Also I won't fuck from the side girl I'd lose like half my dick
Are you good about the pill?
Cuz even if it's foreplay I should know that shits for real girl I got hella pre-cum
Also I'm wondering bout the way that you cum
Like is it external stimulation or penetration-based? Fuck it
You know I enjoy that way
But you know damn well I just want my bed
They gon say I fell I got blown away
I'm a hopeless romantic girl I'm being dramatic but it's just the truth
Wait hold up I should slow down
Don't even know you enough to go down
But if you want it we should go now
And we gon find out if it's great or it's strange
Oh girl I could get you 4 to 8 minutes
Won't force the issue
Bitch it's too crowded
So girl if you bad then just give me that signal
But make it a loud one I'm awful at this hoe on the low you  cut the shit
Girl what you tryin to do?
I got candles Nonpareils and three condoms in my room
The Nonpareils might be old as shit
Like they've been in there for a while
But fact of the matter is I don't want this to be no blip
I'd prefer to fall in love or swear I'm on some crazy shit. 
Like honestly I need someone to save the kid. 
It could be you but first you gotta let me freak just lemme freak just lemme freak again
Girl what's wrong with you?
I need to freak
I need to freak
I need to freak
Like please let me freak
Like please let me freak
Please let me freak right now
Please lemme freak lemme freak right now
Girl we could get married
Like we could be fuckin
A daughter named Bailey
That barely 
We gon eat so many goddamn meals
What's your name?
Girl you better keep them dirty paws off my chicken lo mein
We'll talk the boundaries out together is all I'm sayin
And for the record girl I'll eat that pussy later
Like when I know you a little bit better
But for now it's just too intimate
Like it's too much
You don't even have to give me head either
Like I'm totally onboard with a hand job
Especially if there's like lube or some shit around
In a weird way I actually prefer it to head
There's no guilt
No guilt at all
In fact it feels just as good to me too if not better
I think it's a dick sensitivity issue
At the same time lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Lot of rappers talking that shit not enough doing that shit
Yíknow Iím sayiní? Yeah
People acting like I ainít a fucking criminal
Like I ainít never doing dirt though
Probably cause the way Iím doing shit is clinical
But Iíve been putting in some work breh
I see you looking at me cynical stop looking at me
I ainít fucking with your smirk ho
Weíve been doing shit despicable
But we just keep it on a low for example
Walk in to the movie with my pants full
Twix bag of chips plus a Snapple
Stealing all the shampoos from the hotelís pretty bathrooms
Cheating Iíve been peekiní in the classroom
Looking like a nice guy ëtil I take your motherfucking Wi-Fi
And torrent every single song in my library
Then I drive by very fucking high by everybody
While my lady licking my five inch dick
White crime
White crime
Yeah we ëbout that
Do a lot of dirt never doubt that
Lot of rap twerps let it shout crap
Let it make their mouth flat
When it come to burd no we spout facts
You 'gon learn what Iím 'bout breh
Doing business at the airport
Ask security I ainít fraught
Lot of shit up in my JanSport
Six ounce of the face wash 
My duffle bigger than what can board
My shuffle on during take-off
Will I help in an emergency? Yeah sure
Exit row fingers straight crossed
Thinking Daveís soft
But I know you see me J-walking
Piss in public no caution
Halloween bucket? Take one fuck you thinkiní Dave was
Give me all your motherfucking chocolate ho
At the stop sign never fully stopping though
Filling water cups up with a lot of coke
Egging homes motherfucker a lot of yolk
Not alone up in this motherfucker a lot of folks been doingÖ
Even though the speeding limit sixty five
Iím doing seventy five without a seat belt on
And Iíve been texting driving reckless
I was seventeen when I first tried a Guiness on the tennis team
We used to haze a lot of freshmen
Lil Dicky put a hoop up in the street
Without obtaining permission
From the city and every Christmas day
Iím going to cinemas with single tickets to single flicks
But go to additional pictures sorry but your boy is malicious
And back when I was eighteen statutory raping
This little ho even though we was dating
And if I am taking public transportation
On the quiet train I might have a conversation
Fuck it Iím the man
Puitting trash up in some other peopleís cans though
At the work fridge stealing can coke
And up at the holiday party Iím grinding colleagues on the dance floor
Dick been rubbing against their assholes lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Yeah. Man this is the softest thing I ever did.
But... it's about something that's pretty important to me...
And that's you
And that's true
I really wish I didn't care about you anymore
But I do
What do I do when the rap-life
Make a motherfucker choose up in that fight?
Make a young couple do something sad like
Being broke up even though we had life.
Fuck it I don't even know what I could have done
Looking back thinking 
Wanted you back
But when the fact is I always put you second to rap
I'm not mad that you wouldn't come.
And even though I had to move I ain't move on
Really wish you was a boo I could prove wrong.
But she knows what I'mma do with the new songs
And she know them pretty soon when your dude on
Running the rap game with that lane.
Always got to be up on that train or that plane
Ain't nobody wanna feel that pain or that strain
Wishing I ain't gotta get that fame
Or I'd claim you know I'd give you my last name.
But that blame on me
Chasing something feeling dumb 'cause you all I need.
Hope you wait until I'm done and I'm all free
But you know I'm never knowing when that's gonna be
And I'm sorry.
It's the hardest rule to follow 
I really wish that I could call you 
You can find another me tomorrow
And that's the hardest pill to swallow babe.
If I woke up and I called it quits 
If today I gave up all of this 
Maybe I could get you back tomorrow
And that's the hardest pill to swallow baby.
And that's you
And that's true
I really wish I didn't care about you anymore
But I do
What do I do when the rap-life
Make a motherfucker choose up in that fight?
Make a young couple do something sad like
Being broke up even though we had life.
When I'm being dumb and stupid
Who the fuck is gonna hit me with the motherfucking jerk face?
Who's gonna let me know to hit my mother on her birthday?
Who's gonna let me know when I be shopping if a shirt's gay?
And when I'm on the road I be missing that.
Always looking at my phone you would give me crap.
Ever since I've been alone I've been thinking back
Listening to you auto-tune in my mic phone making us laugh.
You know the past was a blast but it never could last.
Pretty sad when your love got a separate path
Used to read when there's nothing to do
But it's funny
Doing nothing's never nothing when it's something with you.
You know I wanna still talk even text and call
Whenever something going on I be pressing 
Up in the phone til I press the X
Stressed the next one'll best the ex
And you'll forget but it's best.
You the best to me girl always bake me something
And when they ripped off you replaced my buttons.
But don't be pissed off if I hate your husband
'cause even when I can't say "Love you"
I love you
It's the hardest rule to follow 
I really wish that I could call you 
You can find another me tomorrow
And that's the hardest pill to swallow babe.
If I woke up and I called it quits 
If today I gave up all of this 
Maybe I could get you back tomorrow
And that's the hardest pill to swallow baby.
And that's you
And that's true
I really wish I didn't care about you anymore
But I do
What do I do when the rap-life
Make a motherfucker choose up in that fight?
Make a young couple do something sad like
Being broke up even though we had life.
It's the hardest rule to follow 
I really wish that I could call you 
You can find another me tomorrow
And that's the hardest pill to swallow babe.
If I woke up and I called it quits 
If today I gave up all of this 
Maybe I could get you back tomorrow
And that's the hardest pill to swallow lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Bruh...
Bruh...
LD
Bruh
A.K.A. stem cells
Errybody know the cat like a dope meme
I got em' buzzing off the crack like a dope fiend
They saw em' come up with a Mac yeah I'm so Steve
Nowadays bitches tryna crack got 'em ODing
Like how them hoes want to get it with L
They know it's cold enough to charge like a letterman sale
If they gon' stand behind the bars I'm in federal jail
I'm going far like a general mail
On that note I got the fellas saying what up the tape what up
The same mothafucker playing with his steak cut up
I'm great shut up the flowing no debate just us
I'm out of shape but I'm straight to fuck
Yeah you know I got a chicken in the condo
I was sick of getting off beat she a bongo
Now she playing with the hard D being Rondo
Drunk and go inside her all sweet like a Strongbow
How I'm'a do?
I got your ex coming next like a W do
I gotta flex I'm the best now I'm being direct
I'm unimpressed by these bitches that I see in the press
I'm kinda vexed by the trash like I'm cleaning a mess
Cus they as real when they rap as a Chias a pet
They old news stocks plummet! Men's leg hair they ain't cut it!
Forget about your era Pat Summitt
Finesse writtens
I wanna get a hundred bitches and fuck with the spitting
Religous like a couple of post-marital Christians
I've been official Dick Bevetta a living
You better dig it like you bitches got a mill in the ditch
I'm killing this shit I been kicking like a villainous ninja
My shit is gripping when I run it how the fuck I be slippin
I be intimate with them hoes she never flummoxed
I take chick p and smash I call it hummus
And I be funny with this shit I'm just playing
But still nobody fucking with the kid I'm just saying
Ah! Got a chicken parm on the date it seem
But I don't even know the broad she just grating the cheese
I don't even got a job I just blaze and free
But still they give a boy bands 98 degrees
So come fuck with me
I got a couple hundred bitches doing drugs with me
And I got a couple dozen bitches tryna hug Dicky
And I got a couple bitches who be steady fucking me
Hey that's a good ass life
Only thing I got left find a good ass wife
But yo I gotta hit these hoes first don't tell Mom
But in a year I'm'a bend over Michelle Obama
Bruh you know I gotta do it while I'm hot
I'm tryna get blue in most states like Barack
I'm tryna show a boo the last name of the Rock
And put her on D till we O J Watt
I never hit the scene when I do I'm high and wasted
I'm fucking with them jeans love them bitches high waisted
I run around your team you a player but I'm Naismith
And I Command V while you copy I just paste it face it
Hotel got 'em puffing on the L going harder than some hell
You ain't knew it
If everybody had to tell the truth and you had to pick a dude
Spitting better than your dude: can't do it
Telling me damn you got bitches damn you got hoes
Damn you got money but damn I got flow
Damn you got riches damn you clothes
Damn you got honeys but damn I got soul
Hold up. This shit I'm making's always tight it's like a yoga store
They all up in the other boat it's why I'm overboard
I'm taking time to do it right it's like a soda pour
Cus we ain't loving all you bitches like we spoken for
Damn packing the van wagging the man cracking the ma'am
Packing the stands had them clapping they hands
Tagging they ëgrams Manhattan was ham
Slapping the fans playing havin' the plan
Fans rapping the jams sagging my pants
You see the type of shit I do on the track?
Hot shit like I poop in the jacket
Won't mack your bitch but yo I'm bout to come and mack your clique
Your whole friend group fucking with Dick 
I yawn when I hear these motherfuckers on the radio
They ball all retarded Cuba Gooding up in radio
I long for the moment I can say that's not debatable
I'm past that I wonder who appreciate it like a snapchat
Affleck dunk the dude I'm going hard for the grind but I tuck this move
I made war with the rhymes motherfuck your crew
These bitches going Adolf tryna fuck this Jew
I'm too nice like a motherfucker that fell in love with a boo
Twice as in double as fuckable as he was
And dude tries to be subtle and get a cuddle
Venting the troubles and getting the truffles and ending up
Befuddled when she don't fuck him and someone tell him listen
You bugging she never fucking a pedestrian mother like you
So why all the trouble but he rebuttal with
I think I just love her so I would shudder at the thought
Of being anything other than nice
Peeping like a Port-A-Potty
It wasn't even deep dang shit is still a hobby
It's too bad bitches sleeping on me threesome
Cus now these bitches want to help but he don't need none
I'm all time like the Wall at the Bank
You've no shot like you drawing a blank
Honestly you probably couldn't hang man
I've been drawing a blank
Giving you lines while you sitting there and drawing a blank
So go in the rink chilling like stoning and banging
And Iím flowing danker than a grower in Napa
Growing the stankist cannabis
Going rapping flowing smacking all these rappers
And showing the total package like my flaccid is growing fatter
Samoan cracker dapper rapper had to keep goin
Yeah that rap is a rap I know you rappers napping don't know it
Thereís a dagger pita pappa-tapping on the window
Itís a real accurate metaphor of what you having in store
And I be snapping I mean I be splashing on the
Pay me your rain lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
And now a message from Hannibal Buress
Blaa uh sorry sorry
And now a message from Hannibal Buress
Aye mane I'm fucking with this shit. It's good to listen to a professional rapper for once but Lil Dicky is a horrible rap name. That's some weird shit; you got grown men having to call you Lil Dicky in the streets like "Aye what's up Lil Dicky. Bars man you be spittin' bars". That's real inconsiderate for you to make that your rap name and it's probably - Is that the worst rap name? I saw a dude named Hogman The Intruder no I just made that up but it's it's not the worst rap name I've heard at all man
Here's some tips if you rappers wanna be more professional:
First of all stop rappin' over your own vocals at your concert. Clear your goddamn instrumental and rap over it I don't wanna hear you rappin' over your raps muthafuckas. Also stop have thirty five people on stage - who are these people?! Are you travelin' with these people or did you hire them locally? Did you pay for their travel? Get all of those muthafuckas off of the stage. It's confusing. I don't like it. You can't do that at other jobs. You can't be an accountant like "Hey I'm about to do your taxes here's my thirty friends just standin' around doing nothing while I do your taxes"; fuck outta here
Also stop talkin' 'bout the same shit. I don't think you have a fresh take on havin' money. I'm tired of hearing about it I don't I don't think it's interesting. These muthafuckas need to mix it up. I think I've heard every perspective on havin' money or I used to have money and I oh I got money I didn't have money I got more money than you'll ever get I never thought I would get all this money I had money now I'm getting more money. Stop getting soo many chains. You don't need that many chains - you only need one chain. Or if you're 2 Chainz you can have two chains lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
LD AKA The Independent Variable
Trap God and we servin' up the whole world
Ay where the gold at baby?
Ay where the clothes at baby?
Ay where the dough at baby?
In the bank but you know I ain't tryna blow that baby
Ay we gon' save that money 
Ay we gon' save that money 
Ay we gon' save that money
What we do? We gon' save that money
Rap game got it all wrong
We ain't 'bout to go and spend money just to flex on them
We ain't really got it like y'all (Yeah baby!)
I'm a type of motherfucker that'll check the check
Do the math I ain't never gettin' robbed
Those margaritas not goin' on my card
I ain't 'bout to split a damn thing for convenience sake
I'm at the restaurant workin' that waitress
Hold up
You ain't heard of Lil Dave Yung L The Jew Biz Major?
Fuck you know about the world he was raised in?
I've been savin' money since a motherfucker thirteen
I wear the same pair of jeans everyday
Free sandwiches homie two stamps away
Book flight December but I leave in May
Drugs are generic but still work the same
I get logins for Netflix from my cousin Greg
Thanks Greg!
Ay where the gold at baby?
Ay where the clothes at baby?
Ay where the dough at baby?
In the bank but you know I ain't tryna blow that baby
Ay we gon' save that money 
Ay we gon' save that money 
Ay we gon' save that money
What we do? We gon' save that money
All of my luggage is Louie V I swear to God nigga
All of my bitches be scared of me I put that rod in 'em
All of them bitches actin' thoughtless I disregard 'em
All of them bitches actin' holy ain't got no God in 'em
I can teach a lil nigga somethin' like a preacher
I can take his ass church fresh as hell no Easter
I can make his ass burp like a baby without no hiccup
I can...
Quan what's this have to do with saving money though?
You know a full verse would have been too expensive anyways
I think
I ain't parkin' that unless the meter green homie
Hair cut several months in-between homie
Hit the motherfuckin' lights when I leave homie
Single ply TP ass bleed
Air B&B the mother fucker least I'm never there
I'm not in Cali why the fuck my company in Delaware?
Happy hour takin' out the chicken I don't even care
That applies to both dating and wings
Peep matinees phone bill got the motherfuckin' fam on it
401k rollin' over bands on it
Coppin' sweaters in the summer with the sale on it
The fuck you rappers bragging bout? You overpay for it
Ay where the gold at baby?
Ay where the clothes at baby?
Ay where the dough at baby?
In the bank but you know I ain't tryna blow that baby
Ay we gon' save that money 
Ay we gon' save that money 
Ay we gon' save that money
What we do? We gon' save that money
I ain't never hit a bar with a cover
Low thread count hard with the covers
Free trial memberships though
I never join the shiz though
Fuck you think this is though?
Frequent flying like a motherfucking finch though
General Tso half a dozen on the stick
Just so I can whet the appetite of dick
What you talkin' about?
My AC never doing nothing blow fans
Walgreens card shoppin' all the off brands
Boy go hard when collecting got Venmo
Save every motherfuckin' roach tryna smoke
Check the clothes in my drawers I ain't playin' around
It's LD lil boy Mr. Hand-me-down
Dirty drawers gettin' worn can you blame me now?
You think I got $4.50 up in quarters on me well I fucking don't!
Ay where the gold at baby?
Ay where the clothes at baby?
Ay where the dough at baby?
In the bank but you know I ain't tryna blow that baby
Ay we gon' save that money 
Ay we gon' save that money 
Ay we gon' save that money
What we do? We gon' save that money
Every time these niggas tryna play
And lately I've been stackin' up crazy
Stackin' up all about the bands baby
800k underneath the bed baby
If you at a restaurant and got an iced coffee
And the waiter been refillin' that without a word of caution
And you get your fuckin' bill and you can see 'em double chargin'
For the coffee and you told 'em there's a problem
Sing along like
Oh don't double charge for me for that
Don't double charge me we like
Oh don't double charge for me for that
Don't do it to yourself
Cause I might just ask what the ice cube's worth
What the ice cube's worth
That's the only differentiator making this a non-free perk
And I might make work more difficult for you than it need be
So think about it take a minute let it breathe B
But think about it bruh you saw me get the burger with the bacon on the side
After looking at the price of the side of just bacon
And comparing it to the what the difference in the cheeseburger
Vs. the bacon cheeseburger was and making my decision
I would hate to be the waiter trying to tell me something different
I'm a get on Yelp in a minute and review
This piece of shit place like only a kyke know how
Unless you take the extra coffee off I might get loud unless you...
Oh lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Oh well I'm ignorant
But not to the fact that I'm ignorant of course
I know that I'm indifferent
I don't care to know what I don't
I don't care 'til I'm coming home
And my dad tell me some shit about when he my age he was doing shit
Protesting about something that I forget currently
But that's not the point the point is
To my pot the boy is in the crowd devoid of giving a fuck
I would call his bluff but I've been thinking 'bout it
And shit he ain't wrong though
I don't vote but I think I did at prom though
I don't know about a world if it's not home
I don't even know the first thing about what Obama do
I'm better off telling y'all what Lebron been doing
I don't even know what my mom been doing
I hit her up every Sunday
And we talk but the call's going one way
In the dark if it's not what I'm doing
Never been aware from the start but I knew it
I don't even care how my tech work
If the shit work put it there turn it on we can do it
Funny thing is I could look it all up today
Constructive way to buck behavior Dave hate
And placate the debate within my brain waves
But the shows I watch all start at 8 so
Oh well
It's the season finale so...
Oh well
I kind of have to watch live people are gonna tweet about it
Oh well
But I'm aware of all this stuff I'll figure it out
Oh well
I do care when my phone's dying
Like when that shit's red and I can't text
And I can't check what my fans said
I get mad stressed
Laying in the bed but I can't rest
Till my gram checked wish I cared less
Leave it at the crib I'm a damn mess
I should stop for a day wanna try that shit
Drifting away I wanna ride that ship
Dinner on the table but I'm unable to be tasteful
Underneath I'm a like that pic
Watching the show on a phone filming Coachella on phones
Hoping I capture the moment so I could post it
Don't live in the moment hoping I'm still in control
But I'm praying I'm not alone
All the fans say I'm great at talking to 'em
They don't even understand I am not the man
I just can't go a day with being alone
When I'm with friends though why the fuck am I still on my phone?
Wishing I could look this shit up on Chrome
Wishing I could take a second to stop and reflect it
But someone just texted me
Oh well
It's actually like an important text
Oh well
I'm trying to solve like logistical issues
Oh well
It's time sensitive is what I'm trying to say
Oh well
I was gonna do a line but I sneezed
I was gonna smoke but I need weed
I just wanna roll up and then leave
But everyone keeps on talking to me
Like "How's Mike Will? You know Rae Sremm?
I like  but I really hate them"
Like I asked for your opinion when I barely even know what day it is
I'm passed through and through on loans and my rent
But I just bought new J's and shit
Going way fast on a one way road with the window down tryna wave at them
My mom says I should go back to classes
But I'm in the strip club and I'm clapping asses
And my bitch look like Jacqueline Onassis
But she lies a lot and can't kick the habit
I've tried to stop giving passes to those who front it cause that's living backwards
And they give two cents when I ain't even ask them
Treat them like exams and I need to pass them
I'm twitching dutches I don't do the backwoods
But this gas station don't carry those
And I'm tryna smoke man how traffic
Here's a 20 and some change man lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
We ain't ever been the mother
Fight a stack and get a hundred fifty bitches on deck
We the type of dudes that be putting in the effort
Just to show them that we better
Get the broads like that
It's how we do it!
Hey bitches
Uh I know I can be a little bit much sometimes
But really I just do that shit for the fellas
You know I rap for the fellas
But like this is for y'all
I ain't even strong like that
So average I ain't tall like that
We just trying to show a little respect
Maybe you go for it
I'm the one that you need and you just don't know it
We ain't never been ballers
But we getting pussy with our personality
We getting pussy with our personality
We getting pussy with our personality
Honestly I'm like a seven with my hair long
Maybe seven and a half facial hair strong
But I make these bitches laugh and I care for them
I'm the type of motherfucker pulling out the chair for them
I ain't ever been the g at the bar
That get them bitches hella wet just by seeing his arms
You know the boy about the leg work
I plant seeds I'm a mexicano gardener
All I'm saying is I ain't playing the game with these bitches
I ain't mean to em I prefer to show them everything that I can mean to them
Lil Dicky thrive with a friend of a friend and I never hesitate to tell them that I love Rent
I am not a stud I'm a boyfriend
I love love and I cuddle for enjoyment
My dick small but I'm telling you it's nothing by the time
That we fucking they so emotionally interested they really be cumming
Drinking champagne oh you trying to dance babe
We can hit the floor I'm bout to show you how to man shake
We can make a handshake
Keep you safe and walk you to your damn place
Then I got you bouncing on my rubber like a trampoline
What you doing tomorrow? I'm with it
I'm a take you to the zoo and be cordialant witty
I'm a tell you hella stories and be mindful
Bet you get a little horny like the infant rhinos
I ain't even strong like that
So average I ain't tall like that
We just trying to show a little respect
Maybe you go for it
I'm the one that you need and you just don't know it
We ain't never been ballers
But we getting pussy with our personality
We getting pussy with our personality
We getting pussy with our personality
We ain't never been ballers
But we getting pussy with our personality
We getting pussy with our personality
We getting pussy with our personality
We ain't ever been the mother
Fight a stack and get a hundred fifty bitches on deck
We the type of dudes that be putting in the effort
Just to show them that we better
Get the broads like that
It's how we do it!
When I get your gchat that's a wrap hoe
Smoke weed eat the pussy like a snack hoe
Bake lays you on top like a wrap though
Bet you think I'm nice in person I ain't talking rap shows
I ain't gonna pick you up at the club
But if I get bout an hour with you bet you in love
I'll ask questions
Oh you did your hair? Little Dicky pay attention
Oh you getting scared? What's the root of all this tension
You know I'd be a hell of a date and if you torn I will split the entrees that you crave
And when you bored I can send you Snapchats for days
And make them personally for you like they all will be based around the inside jokes we develop in time
And if you tired won't initiate the sex it's fine
I can talk you on the phone when you driving alone
And make you feel comfortable enough to take me to mom
And that bitch goin' love it
She goin' tell your ass you legit yo a hubby
She goin' tell your ass need to quit your clubbing and go get that youngun
While I'm sitting with your dad being slick straight grubbing
I can take you out to brunch call me hollandaise
Know exactly what you want every holiday
I can text you like a motherfucker
Wordy and impressive 57 on the Ketchup
Hit you when you coming through
I ain't even strong like that
So average I ain't tall like that
We just trying to show a little respect
Maybe you go for it
I'm the one that you need and you just don't know it
We ain't ever been ballers
But we getting pussy with our personality
We getting pussy with our personality
We getting pussy with our personality
We ain't ever been ballers
But we getting pussy with our personality
We getting pussy with our personality
We getting pussy with our personality
We ain't ever been the mother
Fight a stack and get a hundred fifty bitches on deck
We the type of dudes that be putting in the effort
Just to show them that we better
Get the broads like that
It's how we do it!
Lil Dicky...
T-Pain... We goin' get them hoes one day man
We goin' places
Like... together?
Not on a date but we're goin' places 
For instance I saw this nice looking young lady that I was attracted to sexually in the grocery part of Target.
And I wanted to put my penis in her vagina but I didn't tell her. And that my friends lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Ey ey
Damn
L tapped twice on some ass like grams
I just fucked
Now what I'm doing?
I'm just pillow talking with a bitch ayy
I'm just pillow talking with a bitch ayy 
I just finished spazzing on a bitch ayy
Now I'm pillow talking with a bitch
I'm like "Girl that was great talk about a connection
Am I alone in my praise do you share my assessment?"
She like "Yeah that was nice I enjoyed myself"
"Great yeah"
She like "Can you reach that shelf for my phone?
I'll take care the alarm"
I'm like "Oh for the morning like to sleep?"
She like "Yeah we just had sex
What did you think?
I was just gonna fuck you and leave?"
"No I... I hadn't thought that far ahead
But of course can I get you a T-Shi-"
("Oh can you not tickle my hair?
It's just a personal thing it's not you")
"Okay sorry for doing it"
(No no it's just a personal thing it's not you)
"Okay cool yeah
Uhhh so you're from Minnesota?
Only thing I know is that it's colder
Break it down how's it compare
To living in LA?"
("Well I can't compare them they're so different
Y'know what I'm sayin?")
"Yeah for sure"
She like 
"Yeah well you can still compare them but I hear ya
What's the deal with your family? Got any siblings?"
She like  I'm like "Oh what he do?"
She like 
"Oh true
Uhh do you fuck with the war?"
She like ("Huh what did you just say?")
"Huh like just now?"
("No I don't fuck with the war")
I'm like "No I don't fuck with the war
Just don't know how to react to the forces
I should have just thanked you of course-"
("Uh why would you thank me? ")
"Uh... I guess I assumed it would extend to the families but okay
While we on the topic
I been actually thinking about some shit
About the Army and Navy
What if tomorrow is the day
That the fucking aliens came
And invaded our nation?
Like would we even be able to fuck with their shit?
Like do we got the type of weaponry to fuck with their ships?
Or not at all like would they just walk up in this motherfucker
Laughin' at us and blastin' at us
And makin' everybody disintegrate and assimilate
Without a hint of intimidation?
Or could we do some shit to be making they heart race?
Granted I don't know the alien heart but
You get what the fuck I'm sayin?
Like what the fuck would it be like?
Would they be like Earth go hard?
Or is it just another conquest?
Or would they be like damn earth go hard
They was harder than Simian
You ever talk to your brother about this uh type of stuff?"
Then she like 
I'm like "Well what you think?"
She like 
I'm like "Girl what you mean?"
She like 
"Oh... hold up
Hold up wait
Girl what you sayin?
That all of the life in the universe happens to be where you stand?"
"What an enormous coincidence that shit would be
Do you see what I'm sayin'?"
"Well the universe always expanding
There are infinite galaxies
Why would we be the anomaly?"
She like 
I'm like "Oh you're religious bitch
You think it's all God?"
("No I know it's all God")
"No I know that there might be a God
First off nobody knows there's a God
Girl I think we should drop this"
("No what's goin' on in your brain right now?")
{ Ayy brain on some other shit though
I been all up in the club for the year hey 
I been killing shit don't mind me
I'm just top flight I could sure use a Sprite I'm thirsty as fuck
Who getting money? That's brain. Who make decisions? That's brain
Who make the hits? That's been brain
Who run the whole operation?
That be brain-}
Brain can you just get back to the issue here
{Uh can you just remind the brain?}
You're such an idiot we're talking about God and if he exists
{Don't call brain names
The brain couldn't recall
But if I'm not mistaken this bitch to my left
Guaranteed there's a God}
("I believe in a God yes")
{So God never wrong
God never wrong right?}
("Yeah that's like the whole point")
"Brain just get there please"
{Hold up
So God made the earth
And God was like hold up this shit is boring
It need more shit
God was like I'ma put dinosaurs on that bitch
Dinosaurs on that bitch
Then he like why I put dinosaurs on that shit?}
"Hold up brain you just did it
God ain't wrong what the fuck was he thinking"
"Bitch the dinosaurs
He made the Earth for them
But then he like nah?
Dinosaurs are just blah?"
"I'ma cook up some blondes?
Like he was way off
I don't look like a dinosaur
Hoe them things thirty-five-feet
I'm like five-foot-eleven" 
"Seen that Bronchiosaurus
That thing fuckin' neck go to heaven
And that's just an expression bitch
There ain't no heaven"
("Ha funny")
"I'm just messin' but if he ain't wrong
I guess this the exception"
(
Everything in life has purpose
You chickens a midget at a circus")
"Okay but think of the root of the argument girl
View how we started this girl like you don't believe in the aliens
You confine God to earth girl I find that shit salient"
"Bitch me neither but that's not what I've been saying"
"Why can't God fuck with aliens?
Why can't Earth just be like a fucking small side project for this guy?"
("Ok look we just don't see eye to eye")
"Yeah there is hard soil evidence girl
Like what's next you don't fuck with Pangaea?"
She like 
{This bitch don't know about Pangaea uhm...}
Brain leave it alone
"I'm starving are you hungry by chance?"
("Oh my God I'm so hungry")
"Yes do you wanna get a pizza?"
. "Fuck yeah I'm on it
Also I'm sorry about that whole interrogation thing"
"Okay I just... fuck it
Okay back to this pizza I lean pepperoni"
"No no no this not Dominoes
This legit is high quality meat and shit"
("No no I'm vegetarian")
"Oh right well we can get half pepperoni
And half of whatever you like"
("Uh ew I can't have that shit
In the same box")
("No I'm that against us being gluttonous
Thinking that animals live on this earth to get eaten")
"Okay is it how we treat them?"
("Uh that sure doesn't help")
She like 
"Alright hold up
Just because we're not running around with a bow and arrow
Doesn't mean we're not hunting these chickens
We just set the place to do our hunting intelligently enough
To manipulate these animals and get them to do exactly what we want"
"But that's just your God at work bitch
Why we go hard on earth
What you think would happen right now
If you left my place
And there were like three wolves waiting for you"
"Bitch they would tear your ass up
Viciously
Like they would eat your titties" 
"Humans are smarter bitch
That's what we do"
She like 
"Bitch that phrase don't make no sense
Why can't fruit be compared?"
She like 
("Right enjoy your pepperoni pizza")
"I will that's my God-given right"
She like 
"Oh that leather one next to the trash?
That's the one right? Made out of cow I think?"
"So you don't eat the meat you just be wearing the shit"
"That's barbaric as shit
Do you come from the vikings?"
"Just download Lyft they are bigger in presence out here"
"Okay the choices are clear hoe
Ubers are not around here at all
Taxis will come but they real slow"
{And the brain gotta poop
T minus five till the brain gotta shit}
("I just downloaded Lyft but it's being so glitch")
"Uh look do you just want to sleep here?"
("Uh no thanks")
"You can sleep in my bed I'll just sleep on the floor"
("Fine you're sure?")
"Yeah it's cool
I won't throw you out to the wolves"
"Oh my God you are so annoying"
"I couldn't help myself
But can you at least throw me a pillow?"
I'm just pillow talking with a bitch ayy
I'm just pillow talking with a bitch ayy 
I just finished spazzing on a bitch ayy
Now I'm pillow talking with a bitch
{Brain gotta poop still
Please don't neglect the brain
Please don't neglect the brain}
(Hold on is that my Lyft?)
Nah I got a pizza
Full pepperoni too
So lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
"Actually you know what..."
"I don't I-I will say one thing. I'd rather you sleep in a hotel downtown than sleep at your friend's house. You need a good night's sleep."
"Ha why?"
"Well because you're gonna get up and perform honey."
"Yeah I mean..."
"You need you just I guess I just think you're underestimating..."
"I know you're gonna perform you're gonna perform 3 shows in 4 nights."
"You know you don't wanna get sick. You don't wanna have a cold you don't you know. I'm trying not to be a Jewish mother here but I think you're really underestimating this."
"No you guys are handling it I'd say you're playing your role great as the the Jewish parents of a rapper. I'm curious to hear the conversations that happen between other rappers and their parents I think these are interesting."
"What do you mean by that David?"
"When you say we're handling our role you think we're being uh we're being sarcastic?"
"No I-I enjoy it I think it's funny. I'm just saying like I can't imagine like Puff Daddy or something talking to his mom and she's telling him like "You better get a good night's sleep you can't catch a cold."
"I-I you know what actually you're gonna laugh at me. I disagree with you I think anybody's mother would do that."
"And when Puff Daddy was 25 years old and the night before he was performing I'm sure somebody was telling him the same thing. That's what mothers do. Black white Indian it doesn't matter who we are."
"I respect that but Jewish mothers a little more."
"Yeah lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
What's up y'all?
It's your boy LD
A.K.A. The Original Pancake
I'm going the fuck out tonight
Off work 'bout to get trashed
Me and my crew all about to get ass
Sam coming through with a bottle of the Cap
Me and Dean 'bout to tube Mark taking out the trash
Clean up my room bitches 'bout to peep that
Peeing getting groomed bitches 'bout to eat that
Dean shave my neck thanks man I need that
Read through my text then I itch my kneecap
Now I gotta play the game right with Liz
Top prospect met the other night through Tinder
Eight o'clock so I think it's only right I hit her
With a  delivered
While I wait Imma pick a shirt
Ain't nobody wearing plaid so I claim it first
Mark got a little sad cause his favorite shirt's plaid but fuck him
He knows I back off in a reverse
Now I'm taking a shot and we drinking and popping a bottle
And thinking of all the bitches we gon' haul in
Sam say I know a house party and it's popping
Bet Imma cop some weird head Dennis Rodman
Oh yeah we plotting
This is a pregame
It's a pregame
A classic male pregame
Not a weekday
So this is when we take
Shots and we chasing alternate DJs
And that we pray cause
And we all get drunk
And we get dressed up
And we all buy gum
And we all gon' fuck
Aye pour me another shot God damn it
I'm tryna get to a place where I can talk to these bitches
I got seven shots in me three condoms on me and immeasurable hope
Ten O Clock words getting slurred
Another shot Sam's tryna hurry
Mark's not says he isn't worried
He ain't tryna spend hella bread at the clurb
Call him out "since when you using clurb faggot"
Mark pouts something like a herb rabbit
Dean smiles we been doing work
Pretty turnt think he blacked out
Lil Dicky burp loud
Peep phone what the fuck she ain't text back
Pretty close to considering a text back
Spilling Coke on my shirt that's a red flag
Now I gotta change Mark knows put his best plaid on
We debating the top ten in the NBA
Disagreeing alot about Lamarcus A
Shawshank Redemption popped on attention all on
Sam was like "nah the party called off"
I already got a Lyft I'm going out to a bar
Then Mark pulled out a spliff temptation very hard
You know I couldn't resist we blazing now the car here
And we get fucked up
And we all feel rushed
And our plans fall through
And we in bad moods
Man what time is it?
12:24? And the bars close at 2 lights on like 1:30
Let me just think for like a second
Sam like "we gotta go cause the car here"
Mark like "I don't know what's the bar deal?"
Dean like 
Dicky looking like he about to choke on his lamb gyro
Sam looking let down 'bout to go berserk
Mark put his sweats on now he rolling purp
Dean blacked out he ain't even on the earth
I was like "Sam I was with it with my other shirt"
Sam bounced he's like "fuck it I'm out"
Me and Mark smoke a blunt Dean stuck on the ground
Text Liz  even snuck in a frown
I get the spins high and drunk I throw up in the shower
Now I'm jerking off inside a condom 
I text my ex say  
Sam back it's not even one yet he a dumb mess
He about to be a problem
I ain't even tripping I'm Tindering
All of a sudden I'm blinking I'm squinting
It's saying it's six in the morning
I'm stinking I'm still in the same shit from last night
Got a text from Mark saying:
"I ain't mad but I know youíll clean the bath right?"
And we get too drunk
And we don't have fun
Then we eat too much
And the next day sucks
Like we really just wake up and spend far too much time shitting
So lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Yeah
Ay can y'all turn my headphones down? Significantly?
Cool that's good
It was super loud
First of all this shit about me
I ain't made this shit for y'all that's the damn thing
I've been waiting pretty long to get on some shit and rip it for Dicky
So just consider this my damn theme song baby
I've been working hella hard though
There's people telling me I'm 'bout to be a star bro
But when I play 'em some of this they like nobody want the piss Lil Dicky
You the funny kid that's where your card go
That metaphor about my lane if your retardo
I'm bubbling like I'm in a soda word to Fargo
I'm tryna get the fucking fame and it's a tricky little game you gotta play
Sometimes you gotta tell your heart 
Here's the problem I've been having
I wanna make my favorite type of music
And the shit I like to bump is not the type I'm brewing
I be on that "Fuck the world you motherfuckers losing" type of shit
Like all you haters look at what the fuck I'm doing
All my favorite rappers not amusing
And I love my funny stuff I hope it's not confusing
I'm just saying when you doing something time consuming
Every now and then you wanna spaz
Why I didn't go with jazz muhfucka
Get up in yo ass muhfucka
Y'all are trash ye ain't even know the half
I could rattle off a lot of opposition to rap game
But honestly I'm not in the position for that plane
To carry any weight I just gotta carry on and wait
'Til a motherfucker carry all the weight
Hypothetically though I prolly tell you that I'm better than your every bro
I prolly tell you it's subjective I'm more impressive
You pressing play a form of respective
I'm guessing more or less it won't be competitive
Y'all adorable seditive kind of rappers so deplorably editive
Nothing's worse than when a moron's repetitive
I don't get it how is everyone the same dude?
The rookie walking on the court like "Man I can't lose"
They playing Dicky everybody in the room be like 
Playing yo bum ass they be like 
Y'all are bubbles with the rapping
Lil Dicky get it popping you could say bubble rapping
The irony in all of this is I've been funny rapping
Yet the youngin's snapping to the point where all of y'all are funny rapping
Congratulations y'all can write a hook
At my graduation they was saying I could write a book
If a Rotten Tomatoes site existed for us rappers
I would be a 97 y'all would hover 'round a 64
Little Dicky spit that Pixar
Hope you seeing why I really like to spit hard
Only problem is I'm rapping at rappers
To the people that be listening that world doesn't matter
Wanna know what the advantage of the rapper who black is?
The N-word isn't antagonist
Before you get all huff and puff about think about it be analyst
The fact they always use it's no accident
For example I could be like "Go figure
I don't think I'm one to fuck with all you ho "
Y'all can fill in the blank
That don't make it so you don't gotta rap it a rapper
That applies to every detractor
But even if I had a word like  disturbed
It's absurd but I'm looking 'round and ain't nobody verse me
I don't think a motherfucker's ever tried to hurt me
Every one I see has been supportive on this journey
Like where my haters at? I'm thirsty
I just really wanna talk my shit be like 
But y'all ain't shit like y'all don't exist
I could talk about the people that are dicks but I feel like that's whack
That'll get old quick Robin Williams in 
Who the fuck is my antagonist?
Is it you? Is it you?
If it's you let me tell you something
You ain't even got a clue 'bout the shit that's coming
You don't wanna be the dude in five years like
"The fuck I dissed that
Shit was pretty clear how the fuck I missed that?"
You know that I ain't fucking light bruh
I just fucked round and did this overnight bruh
I just fucked around and quit a fucking job 
where I was making triple digits then the comma got involved dawg
This wasn't rapping or trapping
This was rapping over a big ol' fucking house with a family
Who the fuck is listening  but making Dicky so angry?
Is it you? Is it you?
I'm just waiting on some nonbelievers
The writing isn't on the wall it's coming out your speakers
Anybody disagree I'm being so facetious homie I mean it
Forget the website I'm the only motherfucking rap genius
Where you doubters at I'm tryna hear it
Maybe it's the motherfuckers never paying mind to lyrics
I would dumb it down for y'all to try make it more appealing
But the ones who hang on every word think I'm kinda fearless
But even with no attention you can kinda tell this motherfucker killing this section
You can kinda tell this motherfucker still an erection
But getting harder by the minute just admit it it's sexy
The funny fact about this shit I gotta rap 
about the fact I wanna rap about this shit to even rap about this shit
Nobody been sleeping on Dicky
It's only been a year and bitches been sleeping on Dicky
Nobody took over the tape with they first tape
This motherfucker hasn't struggled since the first grade
Add it up there's no excuse to berserk Dave
Can't debate this shit you got to skip you not on first tape
So what the fuck am I mad for?
What's some other shit that I could actually spaz for?
Maybe it's the fact that I've been stuck in this lab for
A hundred fucking days straight cooking up raps or
The fact this shit been taking over every thing in life
I gotta make it so I made the call to leave it all behind
That's my girl that's my world that's beyond being busy
Now the only one that gets to David Burd is Lil Dicky
See I told you this about me
Go on and look up in the mirror see with LD
Who you hate boy?
Only care about me said I'm straight boy
Maybe I'm the one that gotta hit when I wanna murder shit
Y'all probably thinking  and shit
Y'all just wanna hear some LD
But I ain't made this shit for y'all lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Hi lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
"Oh man."
"Got so much to do. Huh honey?"
"Yes definitely. I'm just..."
"Well look again if you need mom to come out there for a week..."
"I don't think that  needing like mothering."
"No no not mothering. Organizing. Or doing doing tasks."
"Yes right."
"That's not that's not..."
"That's like that's not..."
"Making sure that your clothes are are things that no just organization. Not mothering."
"I don't I don't have to worry about that. Like people handle that stuff."
"Uh I probably only would get strippers for Philadelphia."
"Well you're breaking up again."
"I said I probably would only get strippers for Philadelphia."
"But but a practical question in organization is do they allow it?"
"Yeah why don't you take care of that detail for me? Figure out what venues allow strippers. Is that something you guys could handle or no?"
"Well if like I give you if I give you the venue name and number you guys could call."
"I yeah I'll call."
"I'm kidding I'm not gonna have you guys call a concert venue and have you guys ask if you could if your son could have strippers at his show that's ridiculous. I don't need you guys to do that. Of course. I can't believe you guys thought that."
"Well what do you want us to do?"
"Nothing! Nothing lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
My own boss
Work less
Man she always taking the most
Conference room every day is the worst
I was zerked I was search
Tryna figure out them alibis
I was drinking with some black guys
Hey I done came up 
Like 
I'm like oh that's my boss she a bitch
She know this
She looking at me every day
Like Dave where you going?
I'm looking back like "Hoe
I hate your demanding"
To print some shit but you don't even know
Now look what happened now who rapping?
Now at work I ask to look at bitches' titties then this happens
Titties looking back at me like "Dicky boy what's cracking?"
I look back at titties like "I need a sec I'm rapping"
Titties looking back at me like "take your time you snapping"
I'm like "woo I'm getting paid for that?"
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah I'm getting paid for that?
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah I'm getting paid for that?
Homie last week I was up in Miami
Got paid to chill in the club
Literally chilling like not even rapping
I think I did a good job
Sat down on Twitter my new correspondence
Is going through all of these wonderful compliments
Used to be scrutinized in all these documents
Now when I sign off on something it's body parts
Titty booty macking a cutie
Got a bag in the back of the room of the venue cause she copped that meet and greet
I got them going down in their prime like Aaliyah be
Used to post up on time no brakes
Got a purp poster on the vine no grapes
Used to have to swallow all the pride
Had to piss out the slacks of the sack in the sweats every day
Used to buy brands now the brands pay Dave
Like I just got a box of Pumas cause they think I'm cool
Watch me mention StarKist Tuna watch my friends get full
I used to sit and wait for Friday
But now my whole week like a Friday
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah I'm getting paid for that?
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah I'm getting paid for that?
Last year I'm stuck up doing shit up in a cubicle
They tell me what to do I'm thinking 
But y'all I couldn't tell them what the fuck I'm thinking
Now they're paying just to listen to this shit I got up on my leg
Got three or four bitches who 'bout to get the fourth down
That's a first I remember when what lunch I picked was all I get
My bitch make that coffee now only boss me around when we fuck
Was missing college but now they bringing me back it's still fun
God damn Dicky you too old to be fucking all these kids
Yeah I know but if you can rap it's a lot less creepy though
I'm smoking weed in public but it never seem to matter
Dump a bottle of water on your clothes and you ecstatic
I don't ever have to set alarms I wake up supernatural
I can grab a bitch's hand and she will scream 
How did this happen?
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah I'm getting paid for that?
I'm getting paid for that?
Nah I'm getting paid for that?
I used to be up in Excel every day with a bitch 
Now I just suck on my dick suck on my own dick man
I suck on my own dick every rapper do it
Just a thing an inside thing I learned
It's absurd it's like I'm in the industry now so I'm seeing shit
Every rapper suck they own dick lyrics
Lil Dicky Lyrics
Hey man... man
Hey... hey
I guess y'all on board
Young Man couldn't leave that shore
Had the life they made for him 'til he seeked out more
Boat rock couldn't see that storm
Held it up dawg
He know he close
It's too late to jump ship 
Aw damn! Aw damn!
You that motherfucker shit
I know
This here became a trip Cabo
Up in the womb but you can feel it when I kick it I know
And you too  must be rockin' with Lil Dicky Bono
It's like I hit the lotto
I had to hit the wall though
I couldn't see it for a minute
Shit was hidden Waldo
They treat it like I'm goin' crazy
I'm just prayin' I don't
It's just I know
It's just I know
I saw the world like 
Damn near fakin' on the side
Let me take you on a ride
Let me tell you bout the one who couldn't take the 9 to 5
Use to take the 95 down to Richmond
Bumpin' Jigga up in the ride
Use to think along and drive
'Bout my drive
Used to wonder why
Used to wonder when the world'l see like I'm seein' mine
Use to whine
Use to wanna shine
Used to wanna dine
Used to talk to bitches in my mind when they were walkin' by
"Girl what's happenin'? Girl what's happenin'?"
I ain't really 'bout to get involved that's what's happenin'
Errything I knew was unevolved like a Baptist
Layin' on my matress
Prayin' I could have this and
Now when I get Tinder matches
They think they've been Catfished
Now I been controlling how we livin' like a facist
Now I got this weight up off my shoulders like a strapless
Remember this shit was hapless
Remember the day it happened
Aw you the shit Dave you be killin' everything you did
Got the whole world talkin' all about what you did
Got your old girl talkin' all about what you is
Got your old world lookin' like it's his you ain't here
I been fuckin' for the fuck of it
And one of the bitches I been fuckin' with
Been wondering how I can work this much and stomach it
She wonders what I want from it
I said 
She like "Nah just do it"
She a psychology student
She always followin' up
Find the guy to be amusing as fuck
Usually I'll answer her truthfully
But truthfully I'm unusually used to being unusually good at internalizing when music is not provided
But I humor hoe
Ask her if she ever saw the Truman Show
She like yeah
I like well when I saw that shit I was convinced I was livin' like Jim
A similar situation where I was the basis of everyone's entertainment
Like really up in the basement talkin to y'all
In the mirror because I thought Lil David was some American hero
I know it's selfish and all
But I just felt it's my call
I was a ten year old then
By 2010 I was wrong
I'm like
"Aw damn! Aw damn!
You the motherfucker though"
I know
That shit became a trip Cabo
Up in the womb but you can feel it when I kick it I know
And you too  must be rockin' with Lil Dicky Bono
It's like I hit the lotto
I had to hit the wall though
I couldn't see it for a minute
Shit was hidden Waldo
They treat it like I'm goin' crazy
I'm just playin' I don't
It's just I know
It's just I know
Twenty three bars up in my apartment
I am debarred
Gotta do this shit
I gotta recharge
But I gotta be smart
Movin' up that ladder company
Star fuck it that ain't nothin'
I am *the* star
Spittin' like a retard
Work was like a prison
I'm just seein' bars
My boss was all up in my camp
And I'm just seein' Lars
I been a heavyweight Muhammad Ali
And if he can mold that out of 
Then I can turn the Lil D
So now I'm snappin' like I'm Truman
But off and on
There's always somethin' in the way
I should be often gone
Girl I'm sorry if this draggin'
I just need you to imagine
Bein' stuck up on the land without a captain
When everyday is average
And everyday you feelin' like a captive
And feel like somethin' seriously lackin'
And then you fear what could happen if you just leave it on the table like napkins
But yo you really fearin' hitting them rappin's and leaving everything behind
Cause you don't know what that horizon brings
But girl you gotta know what kind of fish you is
Survival instinct kicked in
Sink or swim
I flipped a playlist
Quit my day gig
Now I'm on a boat Lonely Island
Irony and you still been tryin' to figure how I work this tirelessly
But girl
This is everything I've thought
This for everything I've fought
This for who I am to me becomes to y'all
They tellin' me 
But I just be tellin' them  
I just be tellin' them  
I just be tellin' them 
Tell 'em I'm gone 
I just pretend I ain't scared 
Don't even know I was there 
Don't even know if I care
Cause girl this is Truman approachin' the wall
Until I'm me I am nothin' at all
Until I'm free I will not see beyone
I had to be who I was all along
Ay 
I think I mighta broke it down
Hoppin' on the fuckin' steps like ain't no around
Open up that door you bet ship ain't goin' down
Guess the only thing left is to take a bow
Aw damn! Aw damn!
You that motherfucker shit
I know
This ship became a trip Cabo
Up in the womb but you can feel it when I kick it I know
And you too  must be rockin' with Lil Dicky Bono
It's like I hit the lotto
I had to hit the wall though
I couldn't see it for a minute
Shit was hidden Waldo
They treat it like I'm goin' crazy
I'm just prayin' I don't
It's just I know
It's just I know
 Fuck! )
That felt good
Well that's all I got
The show is over as they say
Honestly I just think that part in the Truman Show where his boat hits the wall is really the exact
Moment that I'm at in my own life right now
Uh... metaphorically of course
And I'm ready for - I think I'm read for it
Like I've been thinkin' about it I think I'm ready
I mean if I'm being completely transparent with y'all
Uh like my lifestyle hasn't really changed that much
Uh you know considering uh where I think I'm at musically
Like I'm still at the point right now where pretty much any bitch that tweets at me anything remotely flirtatious
I have seen not just one of your pictures I have seen the entire catalog
That's the type of shit that's goin' down over here right now so...
I am definitely ready for that uh next step y'know what I'm sayin'?
I think it's close too
I think it's close
Like uh Diddy tweeted about me
Uh y'know that... I don't know if he handles his own Twitter
I would assume he probably doesn't actually
But like I'm so confident that I feel as though like me and Diddy will have a moment just about this outro
Like when we're both sittin' next to each other smokin' cigars
And bein' like "Ay remember when you said that shit on that outro?"
Like and I'm like "Yeah. That's this is the exact moment I - I did that for y'know what I'm sayin'?"
Bring the - bring the beat back up. I don't know why
Like keep loop everything. I wanna be talkin' for minutes yeah uh y'know what I'm sayin'?
Like uh shout out my Macbook Pro
Had that shit since '09
I made my first song ever on it
Like when I called myself Lil Dicky
I made my like fuckin' album song on that shit
And we survived baby
Uh shoutout Allen Iverson Larry David Will Smith and Kobe Bryant
For makin' me the man that I am today
Both on and off the court
Shout out my mother
What a great woman
She's so mad I recorded these conversations
She - she honestly went crazy
It took so much convincing to allow this
But she's awesome
She's adapting to the rap game as we all are
Look I just want to get this to a place where I can sell TMZ pictures of my actual asshole
Heh y'know?
Cause well I I think that'd be such a feat
If I could actually create like an alt alias
And sell TMZ pictures of my own asshole
Like profit off of that
That I would totally do it
I don't know why Seth Rogen's not already doing it
I don't I'm seein' the signs that it's not I'm
I think I'm seein' the signs
I hope I am
If I'm really just misreading all these signs
Then I am 100% gonna have like a legitimate nervous breakdown
Uh at some point very soon
So we'll find out about that
But I see some signs
Like like I really am not fuckin' that much
But like the other day I did fuck a bitch to music
Like I fucked a bitch to some Miguel
And that's kind of new for me if I'm bein' real
Like I had never actually done it before
But I was feelin' like I was some king shit
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
So I was like "Man Imma fuck this bitch to some Miguel right now"
Uh actually to be completely real to you I I will never fuck a girl to music again
I found the whole thing to feel like completely cliche
Like I don't need my emotions dictated to me by like music
It makes me feel like I'm in a TV scene
Takes all the like realness out of the moment for me
Like actually was actually super weirded out by it
So but still like I am about to let my hair down
And I don't know I just feel like it's all comin'
I feel like like I'm literally like about to find out about everything
And it's exciting
And I y'know I I had pinkeye last week
And I remember thinkin' that as I like was like real down
Cause I was like trying to keep recording and shit
But I was thinking 
And he would play through the pinkeye
So that's why I'm in here
I'm still not fully recovered y'know what I'm sayin'?
I I'm definitely clearin' up
Like it's totally on the upswing
But I just want you know I did record this shit through pinkeye
Alright I could talk for fuckin' years
Legitimate years
This is an outro to an out
You see how long I talk with outros to songs
But goddamn
Look I need to get out of here
I'm 'bout to go take a Khalifa
Rest up
That's right I did invent that phrase just there
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
I also invented 
But I get no credit for it
Uh oh shoutout to Dickheads obviously
Fundin' this whole operation
Whatchu know about a Kickstarter man?
Whatchu know about the best fans in the world?
Seriously
Thank you guys I appreciate it
Honestly you made my dreams come true and that's fact
Couldn't have done this without y'all
Uh I'd like to shoutout my dick
I know y'know we haven't had the smoothest relationship
But I feel as though by kind of putting our issues out there
Like we have become something bigger than we could have become otherwise
And hopefully soon you will be rewarded for your patience
And I will be rewarded for my patience
I and I respect you
I'd like to shoutout my brain
My brain got the hardest verse on the whole goddamn album
I hope my brain starts gettin' some feature looks
But he don't just hop on shit
Fuck I I got nothin' left
I'm out
I'm a professional rapper
Long live LD
And in case I don't see ya
"Good afternoon good evening lyrics
Brain Lyrics
Brain
I'm Brain
I'm Brain
Brain fuck a hood bitch (sup bitch)
Brain don't give a single fuck (no no no never)
Brain'll look a grown man right up in his face
Tell that man he should toughen up 
Brain fuck a ant mound 
Brain fuck with cream cheese 
The Brain fuck with poppy seeds 
The Brain don't even got a penis
Swin Cash balling like a bitch
Whoa Nelly I'm the shit right now
Library tryna get it in
Tell that loud li'l bitch pipe down
Brain got it on smash
Brain got the club jumpin'
Everyday I wake up get money count it up
Do the math Brain about to buy a new dick
Brain don't really give a damn at all 
Lookin' at your bitch like damn he wrong 
Lookin' at your dick like damn you soft
Lookin' at Lebron James brain like what's happenin'
Ayy Young L big pimpin' you can call me Shawn
Son of rappers and I'm a bitch
You can call me mom
Hit me when you need that shit
Lil Dicky like the John
Jammin' like Lebron
Ey like the Fonz ey
Yo fuckin' her good yeah
Fuckin' her good yeah
Good as I could yeah
Good as I could yeah
Ay look at my bitch
Look at her lips
Look at her good hair
Why my girl look like she work for a department store or something?
Why my girl look like she working for a Macy's?
Why your bitch lookin' like she work and shop at Ross?
Where I know you from?
I seen you I'm just struggling to place it 
Why I got a bitch butt-naked in the bath tub while I'm in the shower that's adjacent?
I can see her contemplating masturbation
Hope she doesn't that'd be weird
But I get it 
I also got the neck so long like a giraffe
Suck on titties like a calf
Went a few rounds like a draft 
Still got bitches
Still got bitches (yeah yeah)
Still not different
Still not different (yeah yeah)
I swear to God I'm bout to fuck Julia Roberts 
I think a star is afoot we should converse
Baby I've been down south kickin' shit
Outhouse with the shit
Mike WiLL told me he was proud of my penmanship 
Brain feeling limitless
Dave lemme finish this
Okie dokie Brain am I great?
Like an immigrant
Brain  fuckin  like 
He was Timberlake with his bad bitch 
Brain ain't got no dick but she don't care
I got no hair
Picture Brain rollin' 'round with a broke person hmm
Picture that yeah
Picture Brain rollin' 'round with the windows open
Screamin 
Brain got it on smash
Brain got the club jumpin'
Everyday I wake up get money count it up
Do the math Brain about to buy a new dick
Brain got it on smash
Brain whoop yo bitch ass
Not yo bitch like your girl lyrics
Brain Lyrics
 Brain
 LD
 You mix some Brain with some LD
Never even done cocaine
I've never even done cocaine
I never even tried it never even tried it
Never even tried it you know I ain't lying
Never even done cocaine
I've never even done cocaine
I never even tried it never even tried it
Never even tried it I've been close-minded
Party girl party girl
Out in LA with a party girl
I was all good with Bacardi girl
Now she tryin' to up the ante
I was kinda drunk and handsy
Johnson looking long like Randy
Hoping that my pitch is strong
Now she's like 
Ew chill I don't do that 
Poured a rail and she blew that
Now I'm scared I look pussy
Spark the blunt 'cause I do that
She was sniffing that Tom Hanks
I was just sipping Chris Brown
She keep on sniffing that Zeus 
I keep my eyes on the ground
She like 
That's some bullshit (yeah I know)
Just do a line of this Betsy Ross
I started thinking can't deny I'm a pussy
Like as a child I was so dissmissive of the baked potato 'till I tried that shit
Now the baked potato is my favorite kind potato
Now she got me wondering what else I left on the table
Twenty-eight I still ain't done no anal 
And I'm unusually skeptical
But man oh man this bitch was raw
So I asked her for some Molly
She like 
I'm like 
Crazy 'cause I
Never even done cocaine
I've never even done cocaine
I never even tried it never even tried it
Never even tried it you know I ain't lying
Never even done cocaine
I've never even done cocaine
I never even tried it never even tried it
Now I'm doing Molly I hope I survive it
Brain
Flippin' a bitch and I'm poppin' this shit and I don't really feel it yet
He never done it before and I'm worried I'll feel neglect
But I ain't trippin'
Balmain Brain 'bout to get to kissing
I'm sauced up fucking with this breezy boo
Haven't eaten since four man I need some food
Why these broke people looking at me? 
I'm feeling good and happy
Hold up the Molly kicking in now
I think I should sit down
Brain for the win now
I think we should dip now girl let me know 
Brain overwhelmed losing control of this front lobe 
I was G'd up now I'm T'd up
Like a ball playing motherfucker in Atlanta
Shout to Dwight Howard
In case she didn't let him 
And now I'm puking
Girl I blew it but I was just doing my j-o-b
Brain what the fuck is going on?
The molly got me shakin' and clenchin' on the jaw
It got me going crazy
It got me going crazy
How the fuck you blame me?
You the one that popped MDMA
When you never ever even done cocaine
Never even done cocaine
Never even tried
Oooh Brain
I never even done cocaine
Never even done cocaine
I never even tried it never even tried it
Never even tried it you know I ain't lying
I never even done cocaine
I never even done cocaine
I never even tried it never even tried it
Never even tried it I've been close-minded
I never even done cocaine
Never even done cocaine 
I never even tried it never even tried it 
Never even tried it you know I ain't lying 
I've never even done cocaine 
I never even tried it never even tried it 
Never even tried it lyrics
Brain Lyrics
Ooooh
Brain
LD AKA 'Cream'
People are always saying to me
"Hey Cream how do you come up with the stuff you come up with?" 
And it's not even me
It's Brain!
Fuckin' with these hoes I'm a popular dude
Got some hot top like the popular do
Rest in peace B.I.G. but I'm Pac and I'm smooth
'Bout to go after two I'm a hoe after two
And look I still get chose like I'm rockin' a suit
I don't know if I prefer like a blonde or brunette
You get held up pickin' locks robbery moves
I be scoffing at you like a prosperous jew
Hold up Brain 'bout to spaz
What the fuck you want Brain do?
Come through and the club's all crowded 
Fuck you want Brain do when he can't even move when he in the club
Brain gotta make moves 
Brain got great moves 
The Brain fuck with field hockey 
The Brain knew Bin Laden
How you wanna do it how you stoppin' the kid?
Just get it off your chest rockin' a bit chomp at the bit
I got to get another property monopoly shit
And y'all sketchy motherfuckers like a comedy bit
I just met with Netflix on some comedy shit
Then I went to Costa Rica on a tropical trip
Parents worry 'bout the price started talking and shit
But it's a nominal hit  make it back in a jiff
Because
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' and whippin' and whippin' and
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
The Brain thought of that one
The Brain whipped it up Brain whipped it up
These rappers like Barry Melrose
We don't dislike you we just don't really care
The Brain came through with a bottle of the Nair
Made my bitch rub it all over her pussy
My bitch likes Bun B
That's some new shit to me
Bitches that I used to be fuckin' with would only fuck with Houston's for grub and they frumpy
 The Brain heard about tidal wave in Seattle
They say it's imminent still no-one moved
The Brain just don't know why they don't think it matter
Humans can't breathe underwater what gives?
Y'all wanna know why I stopped eatin' pussy? 
'Cause I looked up the facts
If 85% of us have oral herpes who am I to say that I don't? 
And if I get oral herpes on the pussy and we fuck
Then I'm fucked 
Fuck you want Brain do?
He know all the facts what the fuck you want Brain do?
Middle of the pack all you rappers is gum
Going in with the trash I be chewin' 'em up
Brain fucked a thoroughbred down in Preakness
Like a horse I ain't talkin' 'bout a bitch with a ass
Brain hear it all the time he a genius
Hey you a savvy motherfucker Brain giving you that
I'm the type of motherfucker on a call with a CMO
Bitches tryna catch a glimpse bitches at Sia shows
Girls look at me and think 
Bet they heard through the grapevine
In daytime I take dimes like a paid line and make time
It's they prime hittin' on the jew like it's a hate crime
Speaking of that they won't even book me in Dubai 
Apparently for jews it can be hostile
So my new goal is to buy like Dubai like
All of it
I don't know I just wanna go there
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin'...
Oooh Brain is overwhelmed he's fuckin' up ohh Brain
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' it up
Brain just been whippin' and whippin' and whippin' and
Brain just been whippin' it up
Feel like we goin' crazy
Feel like we goin' crazy
Real life we goin' crazy
Suck me fuck me lyrics
Brain Lyrics
Cool Brain
Y'know I think you might be better off
Focusing just a bit more
What whatchu mean I'm f-
I'm locked in bro I'm
Whatchu mean?
No it sounds cool and all I'm just saying
Like you know
Maybe it could be a little less random
Or if you-
Man don't get all high and mighty at me bro
My shit a wave bro
Fuck outta here
No totally and I like your music
I think it's-- I like it
I just think I'd love it
Man
Let's just come up with some ideas for you
Like song topics and shit that's what you sayin?
Yeah exactly let's brainstorm some topics
Ohhh no you said brainstorm?
Uhh yeah just a brainstorm
Brain gotta think
Brain don't even know
What's going on?
Usain Brain they call me Usain Brain cuz I'm fast
Brain in the club
Brain thinking up stuff
Brain pourin up
What's going on man?
Tell 'em Brain! Heyyy!
It's a brainstorm
It's a brainstorm
Time to think of some ideas
It's a brainstorm
It's a brainstorm
Everybody know the drill
Oh it's a brainstorm
It's a brainstorm
Time to get my ass in gear
Brain don't even know
But the Brain don't even know
But the Brain don't even know
What the fuck is happening?
Brain so overanalyzed
Scrutinizing every single move
So weird
The Brain had no further questions Your Honor 
Well I can testify
There was a brainstorm
There's a brainstorm
Time to think of some ideas
We in this it's a brainstorm
It's a brainstorm
Everybody know the drill
Oh it was a brainstorm
It's a brainstorm
Everybody know the drill
Woah Nelly it's a brainstorm
It's a brainstorm
Better bring your best ideas
What the fuck was that?
Did you even come up with anything or no?
No not yet but the process is underway now
So any minute
I should be cookin' I should be whippin' it up
Alright take your time
It's your process just let me know
I'm always down to help whip or whatever you need so
I'll be I'll be in the kitchen
Whatchu want whatchu gonna make?
Nah I'm actually just gonna clean the kitchen
Oh alright bet
You say bet now?
Yeah
Alright lyrics
Brain Lyrics
Brain
LD
Hey man the way these bitches when they fuck on us
This shit the friction in this shit hurt bro
You gotta talk to them bro
Ok
I tell her I tell her I tell her
Chill girl. We should chill girl
You been humpin' on me too fast keep it real girl
The brain on the same page
Fucking another one "Damn LD how do you slow a hoe down?"
I'm 'bout to show a hoe how
Baby girl let's slow it down 
Drill her when I'm in it I admit it
But I hate it when these bitches ridin' dick super quick
Aggressive ass movements hurt my dick 
I don't know why just the way my dick was built 
Getting the impression when they get up on erection that they think it'd be impressive just to go full tilt 
0 to 100 bitches going full Wilt
Seriously afraid that my dick might wilt 
Out and 'bout with my Spanish bitch
Throw that hoe a middle management at the Radisson
Why she hoppin' on the brain like a savage bitch?
She fuck me ravenous
I'm assessing damages shit
Coronating all the money bags
Coronating all the fucking ass
Orating I don't like it fast
Pores chafing when she fuck me fast
 But I got a dick and I'm tryin'a do it like this
Let me fuck slow on you girl
Let me fuck slow on you girl
Where them hoes lookin' bomber than a landmine?
Will my bros that be fuckin' on 'em stay alive?
Let me fuck slow on you girl (chill girl)
Let me fuck slow on you girl (said chill girl)
And the Brain got them bitches on stand-by
And the Brain getting hungry Raisin Bran time
Chill girl we should chill girl (we should chill girl)
I've been looking at them ol' breasts since they real girl
Thinking through the words like I read it
Esketit like a Brain if you see a tight end then he toss like Bennett
1 in 7 down going down like credit
Don't get shook like lettuce 
Brain tryin'a get fucked
Brain tryin'a get sucked
Brain been lit for a month
Fucked a bitch on that kiss cam
Yeah I been doing my thing
LD now they been checking for Brain
Hey we should go flirt with this dame kay?
She should come flirt with the Brain
But this bitch has it all like a Genuardi's
Now my mouth is watering just like my spot for Hardee's
I'ma go chill with the girl be back  all day
Young L I got a knack for hauling that
I might even get up in the bathroom stall with that
Please you ain't been fucking like Brain
I got this shit like a car alarm when that car is parked around thieves 
Got this shit like gardener that's in charge of all of your trees 
Young LD got a poppin ass shirt check
Backstory kinda poppin where's my work check?
I might even go up to the bar and cover her check
And then you'll say what?
Let me fuck slow on you girl
Let me fuck slow on you girl
Where them hoes lookin' bomber than a landmine?
Will my bros that be fuckin' on 'em stay alive?
Let me fuck slow on you girl (chill girl)
Let me fuck slow on you girl (said chill girl)
And the Brain got them bitches on stand-by
And the Brain getting hungry Raisin Bran time
I fuck lyrics
Brain Lyrics
Brain you're so cute
Aight
I just..I felt really in the moment there the way the light is just glistening off of your creases
I...I'm tryna focus bro
Okay okay. Can I do one song like without you on this project?
Without me?
No it'll still be your song but you'll be more like a DJ Khaled of it. Like..the organizer the facilitator as oppo- like you pick the rappers but I just wanna go really hard like really bad without you be-
What makes you think I'd even pick you bro?
Well c'mon Brain. We both know that you would pick me
Well this shit better be hard lyrics
Brain Lyrics
LD
AKA homicide
Yes homicide
OG's knew I had it poppin'
IG lookin' Photoshopish (it's lit it's real)
They just can't take charge so they floppin'
New shit looking like it's knocking
Rap game not a game well I ain't broke so it's cast off
Really I been keepin' shit a hunnid like the Cubbie tryin' to close it with a fast ball
I don't even do this shit for money but they buying it in droves like it's half-off
If Dicky gotta show out there
You know he 'bout to show out there
Rol on my arm
Russ on a farm
Piston new guard
They put the boy on the Jumbotron
Just to pump up the crowd
At my ten year reunion like look at me now
Having good sex on the reg
New Tempur-Pedic my bed
All of my lawyers are black
Shit is ironic as hell
But I guess that what happens when Jews started rappin'
Used to have turtles no wonder I'm snappin'
Used to commercial right used to play Madden
No wonder they let me do both for a bag
I was not in a frat I had never conformed
In a 2000 cab I had never performed
I ain't takin' no L's
Fuck what you sell
I barely pay for my drinks doin' well
I tell 'em there is no need for the glitz
I don't need sparklers they know that I'm lit
I'm on top of the world fuck all these girls
I prefer momma to play with my curls
I can tell all of you rappers ain't thorough
Head hit the pillow and boom it's tomorrow
But how can you sleep? (ew ew)
How can you sleep? 
How can you sleep? (gross how?)
How can you sleep? 
How can you sleep? 
How can you sleep? 
How can you sleep? 
You still asleep
How many bitch ass rappers I gotta slap 'till they put on Worldstar?
Even though Q passed away
Pull a '38 out of my pocket and then cock it
Leave a nigga on an island like he in Castaway
Cock strong since them old Doc songs 
Like an old Pac song outta my mind
The lights on but I'm not home
Something is wrong with me
I done brought six strippers from Vegas home with me
Trees bought game to getting blown with me
FaceTime with Karrueche they on the phone with me
Tell K good night I'm hype I might ignite
Plastic cups Promethazine and Sprite
Man I don't really know who's song this is
Who's weed I'm stealing and who's bong this is
And I don't really give a fuck 'cause I keep the ammo tucked and you can keep on swinging from my nuts
But don't say I can't rap like I'm not a Rap God
Like I won't break your fucking favorite rapper's rap jaw
I don't give a shit
Big or tall short or small
I'll cut your dick off and sit it on Trump's wall
Then spraypaint  it's evident
Hip Hop dead them new niggas irrelevant
Different color braids you niggas stuck in the maze
Ain't grew up by a beach to say you ridin' a wave
Man I'm so glad that Guwop out
And rap fans still give a fuck what 2Pac 'bout
I'm right here I don't give a fuck who hop out
Don't let Mark Zuckerberg get you knocked out
And don't try me over IG
Don't try to be subliminal and get it by me
I'm a criminal I'll leave you hooked to a IV
Next to Jimmy Iovine over hood shit but-
We could start with rap shit
I ain't never lost at that shit
Let me clear it up Proactive
I could walk up in this motherfucker looking everybody dead up in the eye like we can rap for that shit
You'll get embarrased
I'll be in Paris don't compare us
Flow the rarest
Got bitches in the bed room over sharing
Got an Aussie and a Brit like Iím going with Sharon
So apparent Heir apparent
But I don't want it next
Someone tell Complex it ain't complex
And what you lookin' at is now like a Timex
I am checked the on now off the clock like compound
I'm really adamant you're really adequate
I'm really passionate I'm Billy Madison
I'm the motherfucking graduate
Twenty ten with a pen I didn't plan this shit
My plan legit I manuscript it
It was living by the candle stick
But for the plaques I had to mantle it
All my friends thought Dicky was a joke
Now they tryin' to see a show
Now they out of breath tryna speak good
I remember everyone that didn't think I could
Every publicist who thought that I was mocking hood
Look what what you were tryin' to stopping jerk
Look who tryin' to rap now
I don't even fuck with you
If what's done is done how come I ain't done with you?
And if it's fucking done come on how dumb is you?
Let me get another tissue
I'll be crying 'till the fucking bank pull that card again
From Charlamagne to Busta Game to Puff to Sway Questlove T-Pain from Snoop to Chainz it's all the same
Ain't no debate they know who fake they know who great
You don't know your place
Cameras around me they don't know your place
Shooters around me 'cause I entertain
I got 'em shooting they movie
I could meet a bitch on a Tuesday
Girls come to me
Don't got jewelry
Don't feel bad when I bust in my jacuzzi
Don't eat ass but it still be lookin' juicy
Front page coming at you like a news'ie
Hoes didn't choose me now I'm choosing
Now I got a Jap on knees like sushi
Lil' dick got vert no Uzi
I might just pop that coochie lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Sit still and close your eyes 
What's behind the other door? Oh-ohh
No more silence 
Don't kill this thing we got called love 
Just searching for the perfect shot
When love comes calling don't look back
When love comes calling don't look away
When love comes calling don't look back
When love comes calling don't look away
I used to write rhymes all day and all night
When y'all was playing PlayStation my pencil was erasing lines
My conscience only knew what's half-tight
At 3:14 it's time to get me a slice my nigga
This is a dog's fight my nigga
The soundtrack to life my nigga
Kendrick Lamar his momma called him that
He watched House Party and ate Apple Jacks
He sold Sega games his cousin sold crack
He pumped Reeboks his uncles pumped packs
Punk fake jump-shot ball hit the back
Ball dreams of being point guard was off limits Jack
That's because these Compton streets was built not to win
You killed the nigga I stole a bible is that a sin?
Part of me though I'm searching for answers 
The good kid from the ugly city that's mad that he's had some
Where is the love?
When love comes calling don't look back
When love comes calling don't look away 
When love comes calling don't look back
When love comes calling don't look away
Give me rings give me chains mayne
Give me a blue Benz red Porsche red Range
Give me black bitches white hoes new clothes
A mansion with marble floors and security codes
Then give me some landa or maybe I'll land a
G5 clear port say hello to the man
Give me awards Grammies and let the crowd applaud
my name till they strain the veins in they vocal chords
Give me fame and fortune me and Trump on golf courses
With that being said give me Tiger's sports endorsements
Give me billboards whatever that people would kill for
Manhattan at 40/40 no forties but rose poured
Give me vanity give me Kurt Cobain sanity
Give me a city where Channel 7 newscasters' cameras be
Give me horror like Amity no give me the charts 
And if you ever renege I'll still give you Kendrick Lamar
This is me and that's love
When love comes calling don't look back
When love comes calling don't look away
When love comes calling don't look back
When love comes calling don't look away
Now everybody smoke to it
for this is lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Gimme that beat fool
This a full time jack no really this a Sounwave track
So really I ain't gotta steal nothing all I gotta do is kill it when you press record button let the paralyzed feel it
I came back with a full time swag and the critics thought they had me
Nah I just bought more batteries
Turned up supercharged a medium away from livin' large
Matter fact where my niggas at?
Where my bitches with them pretty weaves?
Enemies bleed on the maxi pad pussy you fucked with the wrong one I'm on one I'll make sure your kids breathe ammonia
Good kid mad city evil in my heart from the blood niggas fuckin' with me crip niggas tryna kill me
Malcolm X mind state if I raise the crime rate it's a legitimate reason why I put on repeat Kanye's 
But I'll be looking passed that I'm tryna touch god
My heart to the heavens the rebel of the reverend
Ya'll married to the game well I'm bout to crash weddings
I put a lot of pain in the shit I write
If you goin' through something this is shit you recite
This is bigger than life
This is Kendrick Lamar
This is Jimi Hendrix guitar on tall  I mean war like that
Yeah straight like that
In 2010 I'm tryna ball nigga!
Like shooting jumpshots in the mall nigga!
That's a quote from Ab-Soul I suppose since you laugh that's the ultimate goal
On behalf of the Top Dawg conglomerate
Shall stay anonymous
Searchin' 7 continents accomplishing big shit
Big ass big tits she on me
And just to get to me she'll fuck the homies-homie's homies
The life of a cool nigga
My nigga Tony said "just do you nigga!"
Sure improve nigga
And they gon' play you for a fool that's for sure till they know you got the stankiest stew nigga!
I ain't trippin' I'm just tippin' on fo-fo's back in the city and tippin' on 4 hoes
That boy got a cold cold
He's sick con slick on
Drop red jewels like a school bar mitzvah
Ooooh
Straight like that
Why ya'll complain about OG's?
I don't look at a legend and say you owe me
Not Snoop not Dre not Ice Cube
I don't care me and quik went to the same school
I look at the mirror and do it myself like a self made nigga
I don't need a maid nigga
Do I need a cosign from Dre or Jigga?
They can make me much bigger but do I need em though?
I just made a flow
The type of shit that make you think you seen Pac ghost  on you motherfuckers
I got my back against the wall and a .45 dog get smoked Chris Tucker
Uhh tryna record my steelo
Even when I'm not there just like TiVo
The hoes tell me that I got a real big ego
And weed move slow right now but E go
You know what I'm talkin' bout?
I look at your Audemars to put ya'll in time out
It's time to unveil the real and your careers bout as frail as Ms. Winehouse
Just salute brother  and pull the wine out
Oooh lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Oh what up hoe? Oh what up?
I said oh what up hoe? Oh what up?
I said oh what up hoe? Oh what up?
Well alright
I'm going through something with life
Where pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron that's some great advice
Welcome to my diary stressing got me gray hairs
Something to inspire me rather than society's
Woes let me go let me shine a lil' bit love
I want diamonds too Ronnie on Player's Club
I used to have a nine-to-five fresh out of school that was '05
That bitch was racist got me fired ever since then I had no job
Pushing in my mama van stop for gas on Rosecrans
Trust me these niggas rushed me for something my cousin probably did
Guilty by association story of my life nigga!
You gon' make me flip then split yo' shit judge give me life nigga!
Pain since my grandma's death uncle killed at Louie's Burgers
Hold my tears I tried my best let it go drench my pullover
Cycles of a starving artist tryna go beyond the margin-margin
Maintaining my modest-modest as I dream
So while I go through all-this-all-this bullshit what you call it
Life itself I know it helps let me scroll through my Blackberry
I said keep reading my diary when my life's entirely
Surrounded by the irony of living in the city
I said they wouldn't hire me I said I got my ass beat
And the only thing can help is ass and some titties
So what's up baby? I said what's up?
I had a long day and I really wanna fuck
See I ain't tryna think about no phone bills credit card late fees
Capital One popping up on my caller I.D.
Pawning my chain in the shop watching for hollow tip shots
Watching my vehicle break down on another man's block
Man that's my worst fear ain't that your worst fear?
You know when your transmission go out and can't switch gears
Or run through a pothole at two in the morning
Scared to hit your emergencies cause then they'll be on it
See I know when the harsh reality takes toll
Open up your contacts then scroll 
Welcome to my diary hmm where should I begin?
Finna get a swisher and fill it with at least a gram
Crackers watch my every step better yet they work my every nerve
Cutting me this worthless check the concept is so absurd
Like a church in debt a turtle in a turtleneck
Convertibles with turbo jets fueled by 7 Up and Prometh'
I feel like death's around the corner like the quickest wide receiver
So I took another shot tequila hit me like a nina 
My sky's gray my bitch is brighter
Always saying  J. Cole's her ghostwriter
And I'm the God MC join my diocese
Free ya mind don't mind so-ciety
And finally everyone got their own problems
Everything's subject to change like broken dollars
I'm a drown in my drink and swim in woman's vagina
Like a Pirahna fin lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
One time
Reporting live Compton California
She go to work she go to school
Her body smooth no tattoos
Type of girl that make your mother feel comfortable
My pops love her too she's compatible
She's independent she handle her business
She believe in God and no other religions
Never in competition when it comes to her friends
She's dependable she set her own trends
A confidant a mediator
So sweet every flavor
Just a conversation with her doing you a favor
Look at her hips I want to be her pager
Conservative affirmative
Action when she relaxing in sweats and bobby pins
The beauty of her a blind man could see
A true queen and she needs me
She needs me she needs me
She needs me she needs me
The beauty of her swear to God a blind man could see
A true queen and she needs me
That girl is smoking
and can you believe that I'm her focus?
It ain't hard to see she got me open
and together we are roller-coasting on on on
Five years later an accounting major
Work at a firm abundance of paper
She got a career she look in the rear-
view mirror of a Mercedes that she can steer
Private bars executive meetings
Consecutive trips vacation on weekends
Dior reeking through her Prada dress
Probably the only product of a pure success
Got a promotion now she own the building
Headed to the top like she on the building
Real estate property
She do tender steak only one mouth to feed
Funded a youth center invested in some stock
Doubled what she put in then bought a restaurant
Oh what a girl how great life can be
and though she got the world she needs me
She needs me she needs me
She needs me she needs me
Oh what a girl wonder how her life can be
and though she got the world she needs me
We lose touch separated
Years pass I'm out dating
She's dating one of Hollywood's
famous of entertainers Denzel good
Paparazzi spot 'em out shopping
Tuesday morning brunch Benihana's
Tabloids paint the picture of a perfect couple
Headline reads when a famous actor loves you
Emmy Awards Academy too
On the red carpet dress matching his suit
She holding his arm she wave at her moms
then wave at the world got the world in her palms
Head in the clouds star-gazing
Caught her on the stage a proposal was waiting
He bent down got on one knee
She looked him in the eye and said she needs me
She needs me she needs me
She needs me she needs me
Even if we seem to separate eventually
it'll come to pass lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
See y'all don't understand me
My plan be is to win y'all hearts before I win a Grammy
Kendrick Lamar words like a sword in the hands of a Spartan
marching on Rosecrans in Compton
You can't cause conflict or corrupt my spirit
I'm on point like period
I've been there and gone before you get near it
Ooh wee that young boy remind me of a young Martin Luther
the way he piece up troopers then round up shooters
Like Malcolm X did I stand for what I believe in
Family God and honor
From Chicago my daddy and my momma
Came to Compton to accomplish one thing
Raise a king reign supreme named Kendrick
I ain't lying it stand for king and I am one
My unborn son and grandson will live royal
from the coochie to the soil
The meek shall inherit the Earth
Well I've had this world since birth
Feel the good kid's hunger
The Crips made strong the Pirus made stronger
Muscle in my heart
Stare at the eyes of Mozart then tell him I'm the genius
Do my dougie and grab my penis
cause I means this with all my soul
And you can't control greatness 'less you hating with the heart of Satan
But even that can't stop it
Nigga get out my wallet and put passion in your logic
Passion in your life the passion of my Christ is in me
And if you say it ain't you may offend me
Damn that boy good
Bright as Thomas Edison but Gucci manhood
He stood alone for so long
Prolonged his whole career lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
It's like I don't think you fully understand who I am y'know?
I'm just a good kid from Compton that wanna rap
I don't represent no colors I represent my lil' sisters and brothers
I'm the oldest nigga
And if you can't respect that your whole perspective is wack
Check it out
I used to wanna rap like Jay-Z
until I finally realised that Jay wasn't me
I took my time to jot down every line that's a quotable
Critics say I don't be killing this shit but I know I do
because I used to practice early morning and then after school
I'm working on my hooks my nigga I ain't tryna battle you
But even if I did I guarantee I'd overshadow you
Like a fucked up taper that turned to bowl cut
I'ma close cut to Common and Gucci Mane
Now that's a comparison that you probably wouldn't understand
Because I can touch the people and still keep it ghetto
as an '87 Regal with the tree air freshener on the rearview mirror
I wear a heart on my shoulder
'Member when we used to make the boost look like Motorola?
Your cousin fucked up your room every time he came over
Then went to jail when we got older
That shit is a bad odor but still I remain focussed
In due time I'll be able to swipe my card and it won't say decline
That shit's embarrassing huh
Hope no one pay you no mind
But it's a bad bitch behind you while you standing in line
Can you relate to my story? Can you follow my dreams
and admirations that I had ever since I was thirteen?
My momma believed in me she let me use her van to go to the studio
even though she know her tank is empty that's who I do it fo'
My pops got a different approach yeah he believed
But he always questioned when I'ma drop my debut CD
How long this gon' take nigga? You still haven't ate nigga
At twenty-two I had two cars and my own place nigga
It's a sacrifice I try to tell him
That's when he turn to BET and tell me that he jealous
of all these niggas getting money and their shit don't sound like shit
I ate tryna kill your confidence or forcing you to quit
I just wanna hear you heard
Yep yep that's my word
Make a statement with these nouns and verbs
I represent the liquor that's poured out on the curb
Listen to my nouns and verbs 
Like a cattle with sheep
While y'all sleep I re-up cooking up all day
like a mad scientist in that laboratory
Motherfuck what a critic got to say I'ma be heard
What up Dasan? I ain't forgot nigga
You developed me telling me I was hot nigga
You believed in me first that's what's for sure
At the church recording at the garage but it worked
But me and Dave kind of felt you lost the passion
A lot was going on in your life and you needed space
But still I should have came to you first to tell you what happened
But I was seventeen and figured it's best I stay away
And I wrong I was young and couldn't look you in the eye for what I'd done
But I'm telling you we ain't done
Matter of fact how's your sons? What they up to?
Remember they used to run away while you had worked on ProTools?
People I used to be in the booth till four in the morning
with school in the morning yawning but I was on it
Me you and Dave was on it
Buzzing like Charlotte Hornets when that tape dropped
Where them beats nigga? It's been five years since we had rocked
Time to be heard
So can you feel it?
When you hear it do it pulsate your spirit?
Does it make you wanna say motherfuck a gimmick?
The truth can set you free if you Do the Right Thing
Word to Spike Lee don't he look like Sounwave?
That's kinda random but my humor sometimes strays like a dog in the night
Twenty-four hours in a day but only take five minutes
to grab a pad and a pen then send your dog a kite
I spread love like a Hippy but I'm a  one
with Jesus Christ passion I swear on the bible
Tabernacle to all my rivals I ain't mad
You hate a nigga for tryna help you that's your bad
because I figure I can make a way with these stanzas
I probably can't heal cancer but I can heal the city
My niggas tell me you with me
And if you is won't you pop my CD in
Open up your trunk then let it bump so I can be heard
Yeah uh huh
D-Dave lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
The homies say I'm the truest
The bitches think I'm the cutest
The definition what cool is
Boy I thought you knew this
Bitch I do this
Uh I used to to wanna by like Michael Jordan
Figured that I'd hit the NBA and make a fortune
Thank God for these rap recordings
I can ball like him on every verse and chorus
5-0-1s Louis letterman jacket
Little brother only five momma put him on my taxes
You know that Compton ghetto shit
that every Section 8 tenant is familiar with? Ooh wee
They say he something like the seventies but I'm from '87
With a thousand dimes you got eighty sevens
Gourmet sneakers hair nappy
Fucking all my high school teachers that was '05 bro
And I don't like 'em if the ass thin
And I don't wife 'em if a nigga is her best friend
The fuck I look like?
A billion bucks and that's why
The homies say I'm the truest
The bitches think I'm the cutest
The definition what cool is
Boy I thought you knew this
Bitch I do this
Bitch I do this
Bitch I do this
The definition what cool is
Boy I thought you knew this
Bitch I do this
She looking at the car like she wanna fuck it
She looking at the wrist like she wanna fuck it
Hating on her girlfriend just so I can fuck it
She say she on birth control no I don't trust it hoe
Uh so give me fifty feet champ
Run until I got a bunion and my feet cramp
I'm in the hot spot I know they seats damp
And I don't need your cosign that's a cheap stamp
You niggas' check's cash
And I'm GT crashing 1-0-5 off rap
Ay that lil' nigga got it going on
G5 going-going-going gone
Cloud nine mind state
I drop a record then I raise the crime rate
Killing this shit where's your funeral tie?
A-B-C-D-E-F-G fuck skip to Y
She looking at the car like she wanna fuck it
She looking at the wrist like she wanna fuck it
Hating on her girlfriend just so I can fuck it
Say she on birth control no I don't trust it
Aooow~! First off I'm a rider bitch
Put them twenty-sixes on a Silverado bitch
I keep my bitch with a finer bitch
Snap my fingers she'll go and find a bitch
Tell them fuck boys that I do this
Got the best product round town Frank Lucas
Confuse 'em like a Rubix cube when I roll up
Okay Subway bread like some cold cuts
And I drop cold cuts bitches go crazy
Wild like a Haitian I should set up shop in Haiti
Fuck you pay me paper over pussy nigga
When I drop you ain't getting paper nor pussy nigga
Bitch I do this
Bitch I do this
The definition what cool is
Boy lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I was sitting on the couch reading yellow paper
A letter in reply seven days later
after I wrote him "stay strong keep your faith in God"
what I told him hoping that he's listening
Said that they tried to give him like a hundred years
What a coincidence I was bumping some Plies
I can taste the salt from my tears
as the water had start to flood on my eyes
I know it gotta be hard being twenty-one
Doing time in the pen and your gramp's old
Your brother's getting older and the streets is getting colder
and you're hoping that he's focussed to stay on the right road
Sleeping in a cell it's been thirty weeks
Ain't received any mail it's cold and the hole stinks
And you can't even blink without niggas testing your life
As I read every word that you write I can only imagine
Jason Keaton I can only imagine yeah
Life's about decisions man
It's in your hand and you got it
Just take control if you can
It's in your hand and you got it
Sitting on the couch that was my Uncle Bobby
after he just got out fifteen years to count
Haven't seen the world in so long haven't seen a girl in so long
and before the sun came up he was gone
like a fiend off the best rock
Trying to get his life together or whatnot
Typed his name in the system and they couldn't find his identity
Got it straight got a place found some serenity
Found a job found his mother gravesite found a forty ounce
Then he found God then he bounced
Then he found a new chick two kids wide hips
Found something in her we didn't see
Found this spot in Pasadena and shacked with her an investment
Then found guilty somebody had yelled domestic
Violence on my Uncle was working with two strikes
Only out a year now facing life I can only imagine
That's fucked up I can only imagine Uncle Bob
Sitting on the couch thinking bout the ratio
of blacks in prison it's compact in prison
when blacks packed with minorities system grab more of these
eighteen-year-olds eighteen-year sentence
with no parole the state won't oversee
They make the term severe a conspiracy
That's what I call it it's full of shit a toilet can help quick
The government help? No just put us on death row
Just give us some more guns then give us some more coke
Then give us another chair then give us some more rope
Then hang it like right there yeah it's justice for all
But ninety-percent unfair care? Nah
Alcatraz was purchased by a white man for five grand
with intentions to expand more prisons
So these correctionals ain't for rehabilitation
They for grossing a bigger business imagine
We being used imagine lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
(feat. BJ the Chicago Kid Punch)
Cloud nine Kendrick Lamar uh
I take a sip of Hennessy and then get pissy drunk
I ain't a drinker I'm a thinker call it what you want
But if you turn your back know that you just missed your chance
to witness the realest shit that's ever been told to man
I found myself losing focus at a Sunday service
Embarrassed so I started questioning God what is my purpose?
He say to live the way he did that's all he want from me
Spread the word and witness he rose on the first Sunday
I said alright enthused that my Lord gave a listen
I opened my bible and searched to be a better Christian
and this from a person that never believed in religion
But shit my life is so fucked up man I can't help but give in
I'm giving testimonies to strangers I never met
Hopped on the pulpit and told 'em how I was truly blessed
Felt like I'm free from all my sins when the service was over
Walked out the church then got a call that my homie was murdered
and lost my faith again
What am I gonna do? Gotta have faith
Life is too much understood? Where is your faith?
Oh faaaaaaaith...
All you need is the size of a mustard seed
Single black parent from Compton raising children of four
That's four innocent bastards cause papa they don't know
Her day consists of working back and forth with babysitters
Can't find no one to watch her kids so she pay her sister
Her baby daddy ain't bout shit that nigga ain't bout shit
Spent his daughter milk just to cop a new outfit
She pray to God every night hoping that he'll mature
and maybe one day his kids something that he'll live for
Baby wanna go back to school but she need some help
because it's hard tryna pay the bills when you're by yourself
She thought about credit card scams till she heard a voice
that said the Devil is a lie make a better choice
And so it's back to McDonald's and every month dealing
with them crazy ass people at the county building
Looked to the heavens and asked 'em to make a better way
Then got a letter in the mail lost her section 8
Then lost her faith again
Kendrick I appreciate the opportunity to vent my nigga
This about how faith works yeah murk it... 
I had dreams of holding a nine-milla to raise Killa
Ask him why as my eyes fill up
Each day it gets more realer orangutans bang like gorillas
It's jungle when the niggas ensue
The rat's lurking vulture's circling the serpents
Cats lying through they teeth my nigga didn't deserve it
I flirted with the idea of caressing the steel
to make karma come faster than she normally will
It's ill to see my faith try and leave me
It's so hard to get it to get rid of it is easy
I'm tryna reach cloud nine that's what my niggas bout
But it never rain in California 'less them pistols out
Until then my feet planted on the ground
Shadowboxing my conscience till my faith start responding
And if I get no answer just know I tried
I should have never looked into his son's eyes
Ray Charles voice
This for my people that stressing whenever times is hard
Your mind's slipping wondering is there really a God?
Knowing you shouldn't think that way and tryna freeze your brain
But whenever it's pain that feeling forever remains
We can't believe what we can't see and reality seems stronger than prayer
cause you tried to change your life and now you live in a wheelchair
And your son was born with cancer and he live in urgent care
at the tender age of twelve and you feel that no one cares
Searching for answers that's human nature you ain't in the wrong
Just know when you feeling that way his spirit's in the room
I watched people I know pray and catch the Holy Ghost
and wonder why I ain't never caught that feeling before
Maybe they know him better or I don't know no better
But what I do know is that he's real and he lives forever
So the next time you feel like your world's about to end
I hope you studied because he's testing your faith again
I'd rather not live like there isn't a God
than die and find out there really is lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Boarding completed
I'd like to welcome you aboard flight number F2B3
Our scheduled flying time will be four hours and twenty minutes
and we will be cruising at an altitude of thirty-three-thousand feet
At this time we would like to acquaint you with some of the features
Relax and breathe normally"
Uh coming down like I'm uphill
Hogging both lanes better than a bus will
She tell me that my head bigger than a bus wheel
But it don't matter cause she still gon' let me fuck still
I mix a little bit of Kendrick with some L.A. weather
then step out like Chicago in its finest era
You niggas begging for attention doing extra-extra
Downgrading yourself you get an F for effort
Ha-ha I let the world know
I chose to keep to myself and let the world go
And if you don't like a nigga then let your girl know
So she can be curious on Twitter looking me up
I'm laid back with a bad one you ain't never had one
Ass so fat that it tipped over the Aston
Speeding on the 1-0-5 till the fucking badge come
Hello to my wittiness I'm Cadillac's grandson
And I'm a trip
Ever since an understudy man I've always been a trip
Mama tell me that she love me but she know her son a trip
Baby open up your ears you ain't heard it like this
Sounwave drop the beat I lock the flow down
Now all the way to the moon we bout to go now
I got enough of the mojo to go around
So pack your bags and tell him you going out of town
cause I'm a trip
Landing on another runway fly with me
or die tryna fly a shot-down Frisbee
Shout out to Black Hippy nigga we on
like we never been off straight shots of Patron
I'm give y'all the business to give y'all some business
Pussy ain't shit I can give y'all some bitches
Clean off her sports bra she clean off my dishes
then wear off the Kangols hood rats I hate those
And she know what this is hey lil' mama
Seen your pretty ass around the way lil' mama
But why you always in somebody face lil' mama?
Embarrassing yourself get off the stage 
Nigga I gotta be that nigga
If I ain't I gotta be that nigga
Curtesy of Paula's oldest son pay homage
or pay attention open your eyes and hear knowledge
Gi-give me that gi-gi-give me that
That's how I get at 'em when I look at a shoe rack
Penny for thoughts mine start at a few racks
So I can live on a hill just off a few raps
I want to live in a space that none of y'all can visit
That might be outer space the Jupiter district
I quadruple my vision
If you don't see it then you're dead with your eyes open
I've seen bullets hit the wheel left his ride smoking
on some Compton shit
Somebody that'll ride or die that's a Compton bitch
You see my city is the city of Lamar
It'll take twenty years 'fore a nigga see them all
The swap meet dumping the sawed-off pumping
The tree for the low don't you know Paul Bunyan
I'm on cloud nine I can see rain coming
So if I'm out my mind people don't say nothing
"How was your flight Mr. Lamar?
Good lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Uh-uh-uh what up?
Uh I'm tryna what up?
Uh-uh I'm tryna get something
Uh-uh-uh I'm tryna what up?
I say what up?
Uh-uh I'm tryna
Sometimes I wanna leave sometimes I wanna cry
Sometimes I hate to bear the truth sometimes I wanna lie
Sometimes I wanna school the youth sometimes I wanna ride
Sometimes I wanna not think sometimes I wanna vibe
Sometimes I wanna bump Tribe and zone out this song bout a young boy
that's going wild inside when my world collide
with your world where your girl and your kids reside
We kill the facades we feel free to fly
We're birds that reserve in the charismatic sky
I care about my pride too much if my clothes is new
if my ride is plush if my hair is cut if my diamonds is crushed
I look in the mirror I'm trendy enough? Wrong
Insecurity roams the black community
Homes where kids must have jewelry
The high school female need earrings and details
so she can be cool to be amongst popularity
The various name brands that reach the price scan
that's not about the right price but more like the right scam
to rule us all confuse us all
Hit the bank within five minutes and then withdraw
Now let's draw the picture of a rapper with a chain
in a Range that is not paid for
My cousin from the South said he just bought him a house
that lives around his neck like a white collar
So why fast forward? Then I rewind
A time machine can help me double back to slavery times
Picking cotton from a field that a white man own
The blacker you are farther you from the white man's home
Negro spiritual zones gave us some type of sanity
Before your vanity they parted our families
They put us in hundred-degree shade and outside we bathed
The more we were afraid the more they made rules
and trapped our minds in the cage our freedom was so fake
Couldn't see it with the eyes of Tracee Ross uh!
And school was exempt see we couldn't have smarts
and a smirk could get you hurt wound diversed from a scar
Four-hundred years of nothing four-hundred years of suffering
Four-hundred years of tears and tribulation miseducation
See what we facing is now coming back to the roots
Remember whips on our back and if we would run they would shoot?
Call us niggers and figured that we'd never lived in pursuit
of happiness we captured these feelings in things that we do
Thought it's abstinence in slavery but we made it come to
a modern perspective my shoe selection gotta be Louie
Her handbag gotta be Gucci it's fake then she foobie
She still bad though and her fake Gucci ain't that bad though
We filling up the gas for Rollies
Upgrade to twenty-sixes out there riding Kobes
My cousin from the South slavery start in the South and I bet ya
he overcompensates for the life of his ancestors
So blame it on the four-hundred years we never saw
The reason why the next four-hundred we gotta floss
Slaves
Uh I say the four-hundred years we never had nothing
Barely had clothes on our back
It's the reason why when we get a little bit of change
we over-exaggerate on our living expenses
So if you get your first big check and you cop a chain before you buy a house
You're a vanity slave
If you're a female and you got four five six rings on your finger
four holes in your left ear and a nose piercing
You're a vanity slave
If you got an '02 Monte Carlo with twenty-fo's on it
and on the back of the window it says 
You're a vanity slave
We all vanity slaves
and with that being said can somebody please tell me where the mall at?
I'm not from around here
Hey Ali where we at? Idaho?
Yeah nigga you know the first of the month
You know them checks come in
I'm tryna get something lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
A nigga so goddamn stressed out
I feel like fuck everything right now
See I've been broke too long can't find a job to save my life
But I'll be damned if I give 'em a handout
See my pride is one thing I will not put aside
I'm too proud to beg I'm sorry Left Eye
If I don't make it in life motherfucker I tried
What? Uh
You ever feel like nobody never understands you but you?
Not your momma your poppa only person is you
Not your brother your sister the only person is you
You ever feel like nobody never understands you but you?
Nobody nobody but you
So it feels like like it's only you
So I'm feeling like I want to I want to
I want to I want to go so far from here
Very very far from here
I need to I need to
I need to I need to go so far from here
Very very far from here
It seems like you can't win for losing
Whatever you're doing turns out to be 
Sitting pursuing but your time will soon come
Nobody knows the position that you in
But it's a million people out there that's going through the same thing
That feeling hard to explain
When you just just want to get away
Something like
Away from it all
Take me out of Hell where only Heaven can visit
The smartest astronomers they won't even see my vision
I'm stuck on the studio couch now I'm thinking bout my daughter
Times is getting harder another beat is slaughtered
Just press record or seems like I need a mill' to keep my shit in order
instead of problem solving
From my hat to my shoes spirit laced with pride
Set some shit aside to help me wipe my teary eyes
Reaching for the skies pissing on a cloud
Shitting on a bird's head higher than a dread
as I fly through the galaxy pain and the agony
Nothing is surrounding me living my life
Though it's better to write
Configuring my style to the streets bring dark to the light
So how you feel? My nigga I keep it real
A Schoolboy soon to be star lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Reporting live from Compton California
North Cackalack
Now everybody just bow to the greatness or die in the matrix
You're hereby dating my destiny's waiting
My itinerary is very hectic
I break records on every record I'm truly reckless
Kendrick Lamar know how to maul with my wrist
Shout to writers for holding it down bitch
Me and my down bitch get busy
I'm busy taking over the world
with the weight of the world on my shoulder
My drive is not to be chauffeured
I'm live come to the harvest welcome the artist
whose lyrics out of the orbit more than the hardest rapper
to hit the market and market myself as a shooting target
with offers that got me up in these offices often
Boo-yaa boo-yaa no one I've done situated myself I ain't lying
Be sure to be friend cause my foes die five times
The good kid from the mad city
Holding a cereal box instead of a Glock
In a 1992 Caddilac that I got from my pops
Transmission slipping but I ain't tripping swallow my pride
Pop in my tape and roll the window down
like Stacie homie when airing out endo
I wish a nigga would
A yes yes y'all and you don't stop
A yes yes y'all and you don't stop
A yes yes y'all and you don't stop
Kendrick show these muh'fuckers how we rock
A yes yes y'all and you don't stop
A yes yes y'all and you don't stop
A yes yes y'all and you don't stop
Big Pooh show these muh'fuckers how we rock
Yo it's evident I'm evidently your favorite
All I ask open your ears and please savor it
The taste is un-acquired quietly been inspired
I'm at a point in my life when I was getting tired
Now I'm brushing off the dust
We don't need no water fire burned it to the dust
Nigga grind hard roaches turning into musk
People hear his pain I consider that a plus
I'm a grown man so a few I have trust to Do the Right Thing
The Spike thing consider me the in-between
The new regime taking over
Either we each other's opposition or you soldier
Used to have the whole state of NC on my shoulder then I passed it
off to the next you unlucky bastard
I'm getting drunk same time every year
to celebrate the life Rosie no longer here
I swear
Me and Big Pooh like the definition of a two-man city zoo
Even zoos can beat up from punchlines
When I kick it and pump mine I've got to be a prophet
I've gotta make a profit big enough to have a thirty pound wallet
I'm a Hub City representer so I've got to represent the
city like a District Attorney being the case for killers
Might walk around in gurney this is my sickest winter
since I had the flu and flew in the hospital with the shivers 
U-P-S I 
Little brown boy get the pick of the litter
No glitter all guts no glory
Station on repeat they retread the same story
New niggas bore me tryna progress to that old shit
Have a plate that food for your soul tip
Drill it in your head lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
We on Ali? You ugly
Everybody just clap your hands if you're real
Middle finger up give a fuck how they feel
Be yourself just show me you're real
Middle fingers up
Just let me be me hmm
That's the only way I know
Just let me be me hmm
That's the only way I know
Uh I just wanna be me
No disrespect but motherfuck you
My education stopped at a high school degree
but I can outsmart any high IQ
Draped in some fly shit call me Jeff Goldblum
Cold my style making my nose run
Oh I stare at the mirror then realize
that real lies within me
Some say I'm crazy cause I think like I need a shrink
Ask too many questions about the stars and Earth shit
Rather be in the studio than out buying drinks
So if I'm not clubbing don't think I'm on some jerk shit
And California on that jerk shit
But I'd just rather two-step like my first steps
Jill Scott in my iPod as my head rests yes
And yeah I know I'm from Compton Cali'
But I don't lace up Chucks or rock tan khakis
And skinny jeans ain't quite the lick
I probably would wear 'em but my dick don't fit
Ha-ha-ha I like to joke got a sense of humor?
Stale face play me short like an Oompa-Loompa
You ain't gotta screw up your face in front of the kids
Won't you lighten up like Michael did?
I grew up with killers man people who killed man
But my character never could be like them man
And they respect that say that I'm real man
Not a fake person that's the Sims man
Live my life through some film man?
I ain't acting out shit I be packing out shows
cause they know they'll know Kendrick fo' sho' and oh
Almost lost my life to the industry
Had to look through a photo book to remember me
These label heads ain't nothing but bullshit
Have you with professional killers chasing hits
Lying to yourself all over an image
Making records they want that was wrecking my brilliance
My mama said boy that don't sound like you
I said this is the sound though my only excuse
Quite frankly dusted off my shoes with my hankie
and kicked it like he skate make these motherfuckers hate me
The reason why they hate cause these motherfuckers ain't me
And you can underrate me but I know what I'm worth
A diamond in God's dirt a diamond in winter
Watching Simpsons and eating some cereal for dinner
See I give you my life to mix it up in a blender
to make sure that you feel it
Kendrick Lamar what are you trying to say?
What are you trying to accomplish Kendrick Lamar?
Kendrick Lamar what are you trying to say?
What are you trying to accomplish Kendrick Lamar?
Is this really you? Is this who you are?
What are you trying to say?
What are you trying to accomplish Kendrick Lamar?
Who are you?
What are you trying to accomplish Kendrick Lamar?
Kendrick Lamar what are you trying to say?
What are you trying to accomplish Kendrick Lamar?
I think that I finally reached the pinnacle
of finding myself as an individual
The world is so typical
I just wanna be higher than that
I used to want to be the messiah of rap
Infatuated with becoming a relevant star
Trying to say goodbye to the glamorous chains and cars
that I never had but wrote it in my raps to make you mad
Vanity they say that it can damage me
So do I really want it?
If I didn't I guess I'm a cool cocaine connect
That means I'll be fronting hmm
Cooking in a laboratory hoping I can tell a story
that the whole world can feel like the ones that came before me
Knowing that I'm misunderstood
So I gotta get my point across like a snitch would
And I would never walk in the shadow that never was really there
or try to fill the shoes of an invisible pair
And Dame said he proud of my newfound honesty
and all I could say is will the radio care?
Yeah or should I say no?
Or should I just stop and come with a whole new approach?
You heard my Hip Hop when I was sixteen years old
Well that was me then now I'm an adult
Twenty-two like the smallest of guns that you know most determined
but with the smallest of funds to show but I'm not worried
My talent should take me places I've never been
The world should turn soon as my record spin
I wanna be the highest on top of all the bullshit
The negative you bring the stress the violence
The capital punishment the loud police sirens
Too focussed one word righteous
And this is Kendrick Lamar
and soon y'all know cloud nine y'all
And that means I wanna be the highest
Too focussed one word 
Mm yeah
That means I wanna be the highest
Too focussed one word
Too focussed too focussed one word
Too focussed too focussed one word
Too focussed too focussed one word
Too focussed one word
Too focussed too focussed lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"I want to describe my discovery in the simplest terms possible
because it will reveal to you why it is true
that whatever the mind can conceive and believe the mind can achieve
regardless of how many times you have failed in the past
or how lofty your aims and hopes may be"
Go getter with no cheddar
Just a white tee and a swap meet sweater
My life is likely to see great endeavors
But I can't win if I can't get it together
What I gotta do in order to see success?
Having the world's best to call me the best
Pull up at the Grammy Awards as best-dressed
with an address next to a beautiful actress
A dollar and a dream I feel J. Cole
Word to the hole in my pocket and the hoes
that don't wanna fuck with a broke nigga with ambition
But the last I checked y'all was broke bitches
Make a name for myself
then bubble like the ass of Buffy when she wearing a tight belt
The homies on the block can say whatever they say
I don't wanna be a killer I wanna be a Gates
Take your time it'll come
Just stay focussed and humble my son
Show and prove prove you're the one
It's not about who's dope it's who wants it the most
So just go out and get it
Go out and get it
Go out and get it
Go out and get it
What I gotta do in order to see success?
Having the world's best to call me the best
Pull up at the Grammy Awards as best-dressed
with an address next to a beautiful actress
Do I gotta run in your spot and blasting?
Better yet rob the nearest Nix Check Cashing
Hear a hustle from a nigga that's constantly bragging
Catch him at the light snatch him out his Jeep wagon
Or maybe I gotta hook up with Jose
Cop five bricks of the yay head to the Bay
Area or carry the birds to the gate
Let the clips distribute the work all day
Then come back home
Every three weeks flip three-to-six zones
Homies on the block can say whatever they want
I don't wanna be a dealer I wanna be a Trump
Donald that is
And when I do it I do it again then I go back
When I do it I'll do it again then I go back
Thug it out but for now I'm willing to dug it out
I gotta grind grind
So welcome to the story of my life
See I'm tryna get right off the shit that I write
Make a fortune buy some Porsches for my momma and the wife
Pop's engine in this old school run tight!
But as you listening to K. D-O-T
Me and my girl split the bucket at KFC
She listening to Drake and all I can say
Damn these niggas that much better than me?
Baby I don't think this is meant to be
cause I'm always losing self-esteem
She paused the iPhone then said huh
I repeated what I said then she replied shut up
You know you the best boy you gotta keep doing it
But don't forget when you do just keep you in it
And never listen to what the industry say
Don't be a typical artist be more like Jay
Russell Barry Gordy Quincy Jones
Bob Johnson Sean Combs L.A. Reid
Young black entrepreneurs did what it took to succeed yeah
So I gotta see success
I gotta make it off them Rosecrans steps
Rising to the top like a soda shook up
Bout to pop and I'll pop on whoever's in my way
Yeah I swear to God I don't wanna do it just live man
I wanna live good
Just wanna make my momma proud y'know?
I don't wanna be hard I don't want the most stripes
I got lil' brothers and sisters man I'm the oldest nigga
I just want it lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I'll tell you what I don't believe in can I do that?
Alright I don't believe in the in laws or the system by any means whatsoever
I try not to obey them at any time
That's what I believe in not believing in
Four big bottles of water a day two packs of Marlboro Reds and
uh what keeps me alive? Shit um
Music I have to listen to music all day long
I say that keeps me going
I'm a pretty dark person I've thought about ending it a million times
and I have to say that music keeps me here by far the main thing
Thank you
Sitting in the studio thinking about which mood would go
right now freestyle or write down whatever
And still I come up clever I just need to free my thoughts
and Lord knows that I know better but I ain't perfect
I ain't seen too many churches or know them testament verses
You should either hear me now or go deaf
or end up dead die trying and know death
Might end up dead swallow blood swallow my breath
Fuck a funeral just make sure you pay my music respect nigga
I mean that from the bottom of my heart
You see my art is all I have and victory tastes sweet
even when the enemy can throw salt
Still knock 'em out the park like a fucking tow car
Let bygones be bygones but where I'm from
we buy guns and more guns to give to the young
I'm living the life of a nigga trapped nigga
inside the system all you envision is trap niggas
My uncle doing life inside prison he wasn't wrapped too tight
He told me rap about life not rap niggas
That's why I'm shaking my head when you rap dissing
My stomach start turning my nerves get to twitching
I start evaluating then my final intuition
is that you wishing a come up would just come up
We used to beefing over turf fuck beefing over a verse
Niggas dying motherfuck a double entendre
And this is Compton lions in the land of the triumph
Wrap Saran our defiance ban our alliance
Put burners in the hands of the black man
One hood with twenty fo'-fo's like a cloned Kobe Bryant
You probably heard I wanna be heard and wonder who I am
You probably even listen to  and think I know Zion
But really I'm just caught in the loop of understanding the truth
because it seem like it's always clashing with science
I got a big fear of flying
My future so bright I'd probably go blind before I blink twice I ain't lying
I swear to God half of y'all just don't know Kendrick
The school of hard knocks we was the first ones in attendance
You walking down the block he got shot you wouldn't know I witnessed
You just mind your bidness
You just turn your head kneel down and then tie your tennises
It's kinda scary ain't it
You can't act like no bitch that only got Tyler Perry famous
Just let me explain this why you pick up that stainless?
Cause your pops wasn't anxious to see you when you hated him
so much you probably had your burner tucked in graduation
Said if you see him on them bleachers then you kill him facing
twenty-five to life with a murder charge
Your enemies was the prey and now you pray to God
I pray these bars get farther than Compton
And if my record never break I still won't break my promise I promise to keep it honest
Secret society all we ask is trust
and all we lack is communication like service sucks
The people scared of annihilation when Kingdom Come
And I'm like the Kendrick Lamar O.D. in less than a month
Alright? Gotta keep it pushing
Can't let the government tell me how my future looking
I'm on Rosecrans & Central trying to duck the central bookings
If the fucking pigs get behind me then you know I'm bucking never will I surrender
I've been a warrior when I came out of my mom's placenta
In the gutter lane like I'm Master Splinter
How splendid I guess my project had did it
Got all these niggas approaching their mixtapes different
They said seven tracks I said fifteen
Called it an EP they said I'm tripping
But little did they know I'm tryna change the rules
that we've been confined to so the corporate won't make decisions
Uppity bitches handling bidness
Killing our dreams stealing our vision
Out in Haiti adolescents barely have a home
In L.A. everybody think they fucking on
Hop on Twitter perpetrate we doing big shit
Who we hanging with and bragging about the iPhone
I swear to God most y'all cats just don't know Kendrick
You barely know yourself so I guess most of y'all should be offended
Ain't doing this for my health I'm just trying to purchase my momma them businesses
Occupy my time with riches justify my time ambition's
just to coincide just to go inside books we idolize while we living
Look the mastermind took the master's mind just the perfect time just to mastermind
Just to master grind with precision look the mastermind took the... 
We would like to call this an appreciation tape
for those who recognized the Kendrick Lamar EP
For this is the Kendrick Lamar O.D.
Because of you lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Where are we going? Why are we slowing down?
Where are you going? We should be growing now
Smoke to it nigga smoke to it nigga
That's what she said to me
That place I used to call home is just a bed to me
and we don't even sleep neighbors can hear her weep
Meanwhile I'm in these streets with everybody
I'm trying to get it and she know they got me I watch her feelings watch me
As they staring with the saddest eyes of loneliness
Look each other in the face and barely blink
I tried to make it right but the pen ran out of ink
So if my letters don't reach you I hope these lyrics in sync
That's what it said to me
But that place I call ambition now dead to me
Gone and forgotten I'm off track like Dale Earnhardt
My liver rotten alcoholic tripping
Fucking bad bitches and they got bad intentions
Club night guys and dolls
Balling out but I'm bout to drop the ball
I'm calling out for help my engineer called
Told me come to the studio I wanna tell him nah
That's what he said to me
But that place we call Heaven unfair to me
Only a hundred and forty-four can go
Seven billion people on planet earth today
Is there something that I don't know?
I know to follow him rather following people
or follow vanity cause that means I'm following evil
Guess I'm following evil I should follow cathedral
Blessings I need but live like I don't need you
So in conclusion
We all seem to stumble planning our own demise
Forgetting the big picture and making it wallet size
So to what's important in my life I apologize
I promise to stay faithful focused and sanctified
We all get distracted
The question is would you bounce back or bounce backwards?
Would you not know how to act or take action? It's just a part of life
And if your vision's impaired you probably lose it all tonight
I'm trying to visualize how to get it right
But my vision's so blurry
Trying to slow it down stay close to the ground
But we're always in a hurry now
And if I could make this world stand a little slower
Then I would lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I remember uh
All my uncles Sir Smokers
on the landra in front of our building
They was my heroes
This shit is so dope you might wanna be my crackhead
This shit is so dope you might wanna be my crackhead
Bad bitches crackheads street niggas crackheads
This shit is so dope you might wanna be my crackhead
Uh and that's scary to me
Dope beat dope flow vary to me
Especially when Sounwave is on his Ps
Nigga cue me in I'm a Peruvian drug lord
Don't fast forward I'ma serve you some +keys+
This is crack cocaine I'm Kurt Cobain
and I bang like a C-R-I-P
P-R-I-U high you I'm an I-V
This shit is so dope you might wanna be my crack... stop
I said an I-V cause when I be
in the studio high shot a needle in your vein
Take it in vain or itch till your eyeballs pop
I'm cold on the cold turkey I hate chickens
but I do fuck pretty birdies where your girl at?
Over the Pyrex where my world at
Uh and that's scary to me
Every listener is a strawberry to me
You pussies ain't shit but venereal disease
Disease on K-Dot? Uh uh better wake up
A nightmare I'm right there like a Siamese
twin when you motherfuckers gon' learn?
Curl up like Big Worm when I drop
Who fly? I'm a red eye with eyedrops
I BIG I 'Pac you Chris I +Rock+
That's pookie hom' New Jack head-first with a cyclops
I'm the first one to do that I bet you never knew that
Back like a tailbone who you got to tell on?
If it ain't about me about hoe
or be about face if you ain't no higher learn it
There's soda in the pot and the fire burning
Uh and it's scary to carry
a smooth-type flow like a drink of Merlot
That'll freak y'all out like a girl Virgo
When I turbo on any track it's a Reynolds wrap
And I rap like a nigga who invented rap rapping heat
You could fall to defeat if you don't pay your tolls
like the limbs on your feet I suppose
This is bigger than life
This is probably everybody Illuminatis
Guess I'm the blood sacrifice
of the party I undress her like a Harley
Lights will flash cars will crash
Smoke more junk while the junkies laugh
So my bad if I put you in rehab
You are reimbursed put it on my tab
Aw dude lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Gina baby I don't have no money and I don't have no ends
Gina I'm ass-out" 
Oh what up hoe? Oh what up?
I said oh what up hoe? Oh what up?
I said oh what up hoe? Oh what up?
Well alright
I'm going through something with life
where pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron that's some great advice
Welcome to my diary stressing got me gray hairs
Something to inspire me rather than society's
woes let me go let me shine a lil' bit love
I want diamonds too Ronnie on Player's Club
I used to have a nine-to-five fresh out of school that was '05
That bitch was racist got me fired they rushed us then I had no job
Pushing in my mama van stop for gas on Rosecrans
Trust me these niggas rushed me for something my cousin probably did
Guilty by association story of my life nigga!
You gon' make me flip then split yo' shit judge give me life nigga!
Pain since my grandma's death uncle killed at Louie's Burgers
Hold my tears I tried my best let it go trench my pullover
Cycles of a starving artist tryna go beyond the margin-margin
Maintaining my modest-modest as I dream
So while I go through all-this-all-this bullshit what you call it
Life itself I know it helps let me scroll through my Blackberry 
"So what you wish me over here for?
How was your day?
Are you tipsy?"
Mhmm
All I need in this lifetime pussy and Patron
Give me that won't you give that? Once again it's on
Bitch I'm swagged up hoes bopping when I'm off that Screw
Coming down clean tell your baby mama what it do
Where your friends at? I got long dick what it is
Go on poke it out situate your little positives
How I live? Big shot on my grind all ready
I'ma lay it down like a carpenter when you let me
When you let me when you let me...
Give me that funk that sweet that nasty
That good shit stuff
I can't get enough
If I offend you blame it on the liquor babe
Give me that funk that sweet that nasty
That good shit stuff
I can't get enough
If I offend you...
Uh I wrote this song when Dave drove home
and caught that flat in the  flats
And it made me think when another car blinked
to change locations where we at
We often get lost in the ever-hard bottle
when attempt to ignore pain problem and sorrow
Just for a minute then back to the bullshit
Your car now due and you bout to get evicted
Two drugs surely Patron pussy make it feel alright
But once it's empty and the bitch leave then it's back to life
You can't run from it gotta run to it nigga
The antidote wouldn't last and you knew it nigga
But still you proceed to dive deep ask what's her zodiac sign
Okay welcome to my diary hmm where should I begin?
Finna get a swisher and fill it with at least a gram
Crackers watch my every step man I hate to work for them
One time I tried to work for me but that shit didn't work for me
And here I am stressing questioning my direction man
What to do? Nothing's moving traffic jam wiggle through it
Pop the cork and take the fluid bust that pussy open
Bust that pussy open bust that pussy open
'Soul balls deep ya dig?
Retrieve relief ya dig?
Let's kill a bottle of tequila
and lie butt-naked telling the truth would ya?
What's up? I had a long day and I really want to fuck
Take a double shot to the face and forget about my whole day
cause all I've been thinking the whole day...
All I need in this lifetime pussy and Patron
Give me that won't you give that? Once again it's on
Bitch I'm swagged up hoes bopping when I'm off that Screw
Coming down clean tell your baby mama what it do
Where your friends at? I got long dick what it is
Go on poke it out situate your little positives
How I live? Big shot on my grind all ready
I'ma lay it down like a carpenter when you let me
When you let me lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
She look better than Beyonce Alicia Keys Halle Berry Miss Jolie
Where's she from? No I.D. that girl's an alien
And if I die before I wake I pray that I'm in outer space
U-F-O fly away
So let's go-go-go-go let's go-go-go-go
Let's go-go-go-go let's go let's go
Uh she got me going I'm all in
Fifty stories I'm falling
Where you been? Is it planet Mars?
Far beyond the stars? Are you a Martian?
You're unfamiliar but still I feel ya
Energy is sending me toward the ceiling
I'm high now are you up there?
If you was I would climb every other stair
I gotta stare I mean wow
and I'm wowed no one compares
A one-on-one you must have won
every pageant in America when you was young
Lips hips hair drip down her back crazy
Body frame crazy insane crazy
The only girl that can make time then make me stop
Uh so now we on so now we gone
Living in the city of the unknown
I show her off I stunt with her
We do it sweet they look bitter
Look at her get up I hear 'em say
But why him? I hear 'em hate
I laugh at it rather than jab at it
Then continue eternal life as a crack addict
cause I'm addicted and you the drug
Cold turkey? No sir
Gotta be an odyssey from Heaven way above
You definite not probably I gotta give it up
Lips hips hair drip down her back crazy
Body frame crazy insane crazy
The only girl that can make time lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Uh yeah 
Uh
We hurt people that love us love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us love people...
I'm inspired so get inspired
And so he said why you gotta be so kind-hearted?
Why you couldn't be a con-artist? Why you couldn't
Why you couldn't be mischievous or just a lil' devious
the moment that we first started?
Why you never ask for nothing just a lil' time?
Why you let me use yours cause I don't got mines?
Why you always lift me up when I'm completely giving up?
Or when niggas holler what's up you give a dry response?
Why you giving me your last knowing you ain't got it?
Why you always buy me something when you going shopping?
Why you tell me that you love me? Why you always thinking of me?
Want my company rather than going club hopping
Why you treating my momma like she your momma too?
Why you making promises that you'll forever do?
Whatever just to make me happy wanting us to have a family
These are exactly the reasons why I cheat on you sometimes
We hurt people that love us love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us love people that hurt us
(Sometimes I sometimes I feel we share
nothing in common it ain't fair
But where do we seem to fall?
Where do we seem to fall?
Tender love and care once upon a time
Once upon a time we was there)
And so she said why you gotta be so mean to me?
Why you don't know what you mean to me?
Why you always playing games? Why I feel like you ashamed
out in public curse me out and make a scenery?
Why you got other bitches rolling their eyes at me?
Why text messages popping up saying hi daddy?
Why you treat me like I'm nothing? Why you always at a function?
I be wanting to go out but you don't never ask me
Why you slip and say her name when we having sex?
Why you always assuming that I still love my ex?
Every time we get into it I'm the one that's feeling stupid
You don't need me you gon' leave me that's your favorite threat
Why you never know how it feel to be lonely?
Why I feel I'm the last option after your homies?
Why you always gotta know that I will never let you go
even though you get violent and put your hands on me? Sometimes
She says she loves me she says she loves me
so she clings to me even when I want to be left alone
But she's beautiful
Like sometimes when I have things on my mind she's the perfect person to listen
and she only gives advice she says when I give her a cue
She says she loves me
Like when I wake up in the morning
she's sitting on the edge of the bed with a plate of food wanting to feed me
She says she needs me she says she loves me
Or like when I'm stepping out of the shower
she's standing there with the towel wanting to wanting to dry me off
She says she says she loves me
So instead of admitting that she has made another mistake
she says lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I used to want to be like Michael Jordan
Figured I would hit the NBA and make me a fortune
Uh every time I'm in my city I be hacking like my shit don't stink
Used to clean my Rollie chain with alcohol in the sink
Riding round with niggas that I grew up with since McNair
Bumping  hello world Kendrick here
And I'm too/two much for these niggas I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too/two much for these niggas I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too/two much for these niggas I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that and that's just how it goes
Michael Jordan
Bounce-bounce hoe bounce-bounce
This shit make a nigga wanna get some bread or bust a head
or fuck my enemy's bitch acting bad and getting rich
Pull up on them twenty-sixes I'm a vanity slave
I'm a sinner Jesus Christ please forgive me for my ways
I don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
and I don't know why you fuck niggas can't see
I'm a Comp-town representer concrete backflipper
A.K.A. that nigga don't worry
I don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
and I don't know why you fuck niggas can't see
This is HiiiPoWeR since the Eddie Bower I've been popular
I'm popping now every other hour paparazzi come
You jocking her let her be a hoe why you stopping though?
We stopping the traffic what you know bout them hockey pucks?
Skating on 'em why you hating on 'em? You should learn from 'em
See too many of y'all getting money know my turn coming
I don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
and I don't know why... "Hey wait a minute motherfucker"
Every time I'm in my city I be feeling like my shit don't stink
Used to clean my Rollie chain with alcohol in the sink
Riding round with niggas that I grew up with since McNair
Bumping  hello world Kendrick here
And I'm too/two much for these niggas I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too/two much for these niggas I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too/two much for these niggas I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that and that's just how it goes
Michael Jordan bitch Michael Jordan bitch
Michael Jordan bitch Michael Jordan bitch
That means I'm too/two much for these niggas I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that and that's just how it goes
Man the game chose me what am I to do?
Only thing I did wrong was make it possible
I diddy bop and make them titties pop
Out there on my bumper like a city cop
Walking down to Fred Segal put my girl on it
Ass so fat probably sit the world on it
Ay pussy crazy pussy crazy
You fuck niggas you pussies crazy
Man I know I can't tell you bout the world homie
But I know I can tell you bout your girl homie
Her pussy's crazy her pussy crazy
I fucked nigga I know you hate me
I know they pay me too much of attention
Bring my name up it gotta be mentioned
I need me an engine that go real fast
Call it  once it haul ass
Give me tall glass Coconut Ciroc
Please no soda pop I make my solo pop
Life's a bitch her pussy crazy
But I make that pussy pay me
I remember tripping walking through the set like my Glock don't think
Grandma in the kitchen neck bones in the sink
I don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
and I don't why you sucker niggas can't see
I'm from Hoover mayne high as Supermayne shit you Lois Lane
You pussy mayne with the pussy game shit we off the chain
We popping ay fortune not the fame shit you backwards mayne
You chasing hoes we replacing those bag and pass them hoes
Your broad that chose yes she moving on yep we do it wrong
We fuck the homes fuck the center home marijuana strong
You know I'm gone turn my swagger on am I swagged enough?
My paper long yep you left alone you gets none fucks
Leaning off the Actavis passing blunts round and round
Told Mary/merry was a  so we passed her  and 
Your bitch texted me wants it now so I had to knock her down
Work her bouncing on my balls slinging dick up from the mouth
You let it slide I hit home-runs clean her dugout till I'm done
I can be her number two and you can be her number one
Her pussy's crazy lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Lord forgive me
Kill him where he stand or stand over him shake his hand
Then jump back in that mini van double back to his block
And blam I ain't backing down for nothing
I'm a back em down like Shaq with this black 2-2-3 in my hand
Better pray that this chopper jam like a radio single man
Police radio signals sayin' that a 187 land on your corner
Coroners comfort your mama mama he's dead
The next morning high toasted up with my homies
We drink and smoke marijuana want us to change our ways? Uh-huh
You see this game we play come from uncles that raised me in Compton
Ask me what I have accomplished
I don't know I don't have conscience
I just load up and start dumpin' on enemies I'm head hunting
No sympathy ain't no love when you in these streets just get something
Protect ya neck cause they comin' for set respects split your onion
Then chop your deck your head tumblin' like gymnastics
Cause ignorance is bliss
This the hardest shit you've heard from LA this far
And I'm this far from a discharge but never will I dish off
We all tryna ball and when I got the rock I'll dish off
Until the day I pistol whip you posers till ya'll pissed off
Then peel off in a hooptie
Come back and make these niggas wanna shoot me
And they bitches wanna salute me or seduce me
Indubitably I'm too street
Indubitably I'm a do me
Better than your bitch would
But you niggas too weak but just give me 2 weeks
And I'm good
I'll make an album that'll put a smile on Malcolm
Make Martin Luther tell God I'm the future for Heaven's talent
No tarot card reading I'm foreseeing you niggas vanish
Not only from the rap game I'm including the planet
Cats so watered down clowns can sink Titanic
Tie titanium around their neck and watch em panic
Give me respect dammit or get damaged
Die young corpse identified by your parents
Apparently you a parrot
Mocking me and my blueprint
But I won't share it just make you cop it then call you a sheriff
Stop it I'm hearin' the comments
The critics are calling me conscious
But truthfully every shooter be callin' me Compton
So truthfully only calling me Kweli and Common?
Proves that ignorance is bliss
And this still the hardest shit you've heard from LA this far
And I'm this far from a discharge but never will I dish off
This my world I grab the universe then play kickball
And they wonder why these California earthquakes hit so hard
I'm so-Cal you so called
Rappers need to go call
Ghostbusters to shoot busters I'm Casper when I go off
I show up to show out to show off
You a hundred percent behind me
And if you hard then wreck your car and walk up to my crime scene
I remember being 17 wishing someone would sign me
Now the only way these labels get me back is when they rewind me
Backin' down boggins
Backin' down bitches
We gon' flip her once she off that blue dolphin
You gon' tip her
Cause ignorance is bliss
And Willy B I'm a fool on yo beats lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
This is me thinking at 4:43 AM June 6
Sometimes I wanna say fuck rapping I need money now
like should I start trapping? If what I write down
don't connect this very moment then I'm on it no question
In the streets my niggas is well connected let's see
Do I cop a pound of kush Promethazine or push some E?
Oxycontin have laying on soft cotton when I sleep?
This is deep as the abyss I'm not just rhyming on the beat
I be in spots chopping the rocks like flintstone feet
This is me frustrated battling my own evils
Finna saddle up that work across Ohio in a Geo
Or should I sell my music .zip to buy your zip
and hope one day it flourish to a kilo track record of a hustler
Rather records on the needle making music
Clocking fast bank like a shot from Patrick Ewing
My nigga what you doing on these corners with me?
 Well I guess my nigga I didn't
I'm tryna get this dough and easy money sounds tempting
Especially when your homies pushing V8 hinges
Twenty-two on twenty-sixes Range Rovers rolling up
Three-fifty for an ounce of fire I hope I got enough
This industry calling my bluff I need a new solution
Curve-serving know I might be in your store boosting
two-elevens with MAC-11s like fuck Hip Hop
Don't wanna be Pun don't wanna be B.I.G. don't wanna be 'Pac
Just give me your funds A.K.A. everything that you got
or everything getting shot for nothing
Leave you in shock coughing up blood and mumbling
Watch the plans of a young man sponsor
Moving grams like relocating your mom's momma
Then expand to the Hoover dam water
Sherm contraband they yearn for the butt-naked
Fuck a verse verses get let off in thirty minutes six seconds
I disperse to the world of unruly where I put the mic down
and pick up a sack and a toolie if you knew me
you'll know I always had a passion for riddle when writing
But lately I've been thinking bout taking chances to brighten
my future financially so please don't be mad at me
I gotta do what I gotta do no shit
So I tell my nigga front me let me put it on the strip
Then give it back when I think about the consequence shit
There are times when you need someone
I will be by your side
Oh darling cause there is a light that shines
special for you and me yeah
I-take-I-take-take my chances-chances-chances
before they pass they pass they pass
Pass me by oh darling
You've got to look at the other side
R.O.T.C. lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
One time
Reporting live Compton California
Have you ever felt like like you never get life?
Like you never get right? Sort of like a black sheep
Back down backing out your dreams like some bad sleep
Chasing for the win but you never win the track meet
Oh what a cold world for a broke nigga it's bitter
and life's a bitch don't hit women so I bit her
I struck enough pain let her know I wasn't playing
I was so  like Nas' first name
And back they'd tell me it's very difficult to see twenty-five
and if I survive I probably wouldn't sell it
My opportunities are low because my brown complexion floats
in the ghetto rather in some heals like Giuseppe's
They want me unemployed until I hit the streets
for filling voids of broke D-boys selling weed
Fucking up my prestige till I live with the blues
B.B. King or the neighbors of Snoop
That's why I'm in the club like fuck it though
They say it's only one life life life
And if you say I can't live comfortable
I'ma tell you that's a lie lie lie
So while I hold this bottle of Ciroc with a hand full of ass
Celebrate the very day that I get past
{We are we are fighters
We are we are true
Through the through barbed wires
We will will break through}
So while I hold this bottle of Ciroc with a hand full of ass
Celebrate the very day that I get past
Have you ever felt like like you never get life?
Like you never did right? Sort of like a black sheep
Tryna get away from the world stereotype
Barbed wire got a barricade on your destiny
She desperately in need of some inspiration see what the people saying
She gon' have a baby then flee from her education
At the age of sixteen credit card scam schemes
See a scar on her eye boyfriend brutality
She will never get by no how no way
Welfare recipient property of the state
Housing Section 8 corner store prostitute
The owner bout to prosecute the niggas tell her that she cute
Hoodrat trashy six baby daddies
and this baby daddy is new to the family
Chilling in pajamies waiting on the first
Fast-forward spilling drinks on her fur
That's why she in the club like fuck it though
They say it's only one life life life
And if you say she can't live comfortable
She gon' tell you that's a lie lie lie
So while she up in V.I.P. pouring Merlot in her glass
Celebrate the very day that she get past
{We are we are fighters
We are we are true
Through the through barbed wires
We will will break through}
So while she up in V.I.P. pouring Merlot in her glass
Celebrate the very day that she get past
Have you ever felt like you finally got life?
You finally got right? No longer a black sheep
Living off your  like Christina uh-Milian in the front seat
of a convertible eloping to get married
What a feeling of overcoming the odds
It's like you just hit the lottery my God
There must be a God cause golly
you done made it through the fight while squabbling Ali
Now your lifestyle's looking up and you escaped the crooked cops
and you ain't have to kill a nigga just to make a couple bucks
And she ain't have to go and fuck on everybody for a dollar
Making good decisions got an independent business mind
And both of y'all are steady grinding doing it the legal way
Just tryna make a decent pay on every second of the day
But they won't give you the credit disses out they mouth
You must have joined the Illuminati just to ball out
In the club like fuck it though
They say it's only one life life life
And if you say they can't live comfortable
They gon' tell you that's a lie lie lie
So even if you overcame doubt and your living ain't bad
Know it's some barbed wire that's always in your path
Just laugh then everybody say
Cause I won't get caught again
and I'm here to start the trend
You can't catch me if you try
Disappear into the night lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
The hardest thing for me to do
Is to get you to know me within sixteen bars
That's the hardest thing
Who is K. Dot? A young nigga from Compton
On the curb writing raps next to a gun shot
On the corners where the gangsters and the killers dwell
The fraudulent tender scars that get unveiled
Everyone I knew was either crip or piru
Cousins in elementary relatives in high school
With that being said each one of their rivals
Was aiming something at my head I needed survival
Got jumped got jacked shot at shot back
And I don't even push a line I'm just tryna push these rhymes
In the midst of staying neutral and discrete
My momma said you're judged by the company you keep
But what you can consider that if it goes down
They'll kill you if you kill me it gets deep nigga
So if you ask what I'm doing
I'm tryna duck the influence of my city that's blue-and.. real talk and
This is why they fuck with me (real talk nigga believe it)
This is why they fuck with me (do what I do y'know?)
I'm no gangster no killer I'm just your average Joe 
But one thing you should consider I'm the realest you know
I was walking from Centennial
When an unidentified vehicle rolled up and I was like hold up
Where you from? 
Where you stay?  that's a piru gang to be exact
Well aware they had blue across they hat
Dropped backpack and ran inside of the cul-de-sac
Shots rang out hoping to God I wasn't wet
Crossed to cross Rosecrans and ran inside of the yet
Chirped the homies on the hot ninety-five they said they already knew
What happened and meet 'em outside the garage
Never seen that many guns in my life
I was paranoid like a fiend in the night but needed revenge
Grabbed the nine-ball opened up the door then got in
Somebody said fall back we gon' make these niggas suffer
You my brother like a frat and that's just to remind you
Thought about that so long I had failed my finals fuck but
This is why they fuck with me 
This is why they fuck with me 
I'm no gangster no killer I'm just your average Joe 
But one thing you should consider I'm the realest you know
I don't do black music I don't do white music
I do everyday life music
Give 'em cuts like a nigga pierced a knife through it
You say you through but I've been through it now that's cold
And this is for my county building children
In Hub City on hubcaps no power-steering
I use perseverance in this mad city
Where the niggas drink Remy and hold semis for cutthroats
Bernie Mac died it's no joke
Don't ask why if you don't know about these killers and thieves
Seven grams of weed you smoke that but I'm high off life
I could fall out the sky like twice
And land in the land of the AKs
And the minivans where the fan never on
Cause it's hotter than a lunatic's underarms in a straitjacket
In other words we get it cracking but I keep it cool y'know?
This is why they fuck with me 
This is why they fuck with me 
I'm no gangster no killer I'm just your average Joe 
But one thing you should consider lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
H.O.C. H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C.
H.O.C. H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C.
H.O.C.
Everybody know I spit that hunk of shit
Shit that make you duck for cover shit
Shit that make you hop out your seat and slap your mother shit
Especially when Drop drop the beat
I drop jewels like my nuts dropped out of my briefs
Jump in the booth then shatter every rapper's dream
They jump in a sauna because I killed their self-esteem
That's a jab you should bob and weave
like Pam when Martin pulled jokes out his sleeve
I go in studio sessions and feel like a nerd
cause I'm the only nigga there not smoking no herb
You telling me the kush make you think on level four?
I'm on five you saying I can level more?
In high school my teachers thought I was smoking stress
Didn't know my eyes low cause of genetic defects
I stimulate my mind every time I think about the end of time
creation of man and Columbine
Bet you think that this some high shit that I wrote
Probably think I'm off the kush or the hydro
I don't even smoke I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke I don't even smoke
I really appreciate that you share your endo
But a sip of Henny is the farthest I would go
I don't even smoke I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke I don't even smoke
Look nowadays everybody think they big chiefers
just cause they heard that new tape from Wiz Khalifa
Knowing damn well they can't hit the sour
They new booties they probably need baby powder
My skill shower over your city for forty days
forty nights off the chain like freedom of slaves
Before you get it twisted like forty gays
My flow worth the earth that's not to be appraised
Those the type of lines that I'm talking bout
You know the type of rhymes you don't talk about
Copy my session on a disc when the session ends
so my mama can have it and play it for her friends
Brag on me like my son's bout to win
Somehow someday and I don't care when
I might hit the gin once a month
I'll let you inhale/in hell like an atheist
Uhh I'll take you back to the ninth grade
when Dough Boy had me high for four days
That's my nigga he a street nigga
Probably in your hood fucking up your street nigga
But anyway I think it was some purple
Told me don't hit it hard because it'll hurt you
I didn't listen I was floating like the Rose Parade
Swear to God a nigga seen some flying fishes
That was the Vegas trip Hooters sponsored
The same time I start writing like a fucking monster
I'm Frankenstein every time this motherfucker ponders
Just underline every letter
Capital K-D-O-T letting it flat out
like a tire with slow leaks and what you bout?
Nothing huh? Am I square cause I don't puff a square?
Are my raps too blunt to hit the blunt? Yeah
H.O.C. H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C. 
H.O.C. lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Uh-uh-uh uh uh-uh-uh uh
Ali you thirsty on Twitter 
You boo-boo you T
You turned down you thirsty
You boo-boo
Uh I'm tryna learn something new
I'm tryna find myself I'm searching deep for Kendrick Lamar
I read about Napoleon Hill and try to know God
They say he the key to my blessings
and if I speak the good into existence that instant my dreams will unlock
Money flow like water I'll just wait at the dock
And by the way I'ma start finding more light to shed
like a small garage in your backyard
I'm back chilling with a friend of mine she mighty fine
But I notice that her heart resides next to bitterness
Always hollering who she don't like and who she kick it with
Who she wanna fight who wearing a weave
Who Dooney & Bourke bag is fake who holding the keys
to the car she drove last year or who fucking on who
and who need a pap smear getting on my nerves
But before your negative energy curve bitch I'ma cut you off
Cause every time you come around you be hollering that
whoop-de-whoop blase-blah
He say she say oh my God
Shut the fuck up... hoe
Every time you come around you be hollering that
whoop-de-whoop blase-blah
He say she say
Uh I'm tryna learn something new
I'm tryna surround myself with people that inspire me
or at least inquire similar desires
to do what it T-A-K-E just to reach the T-O-P
I'm talking ideas motivation
It's more than making enemies my nigga
Oh that's not your memo? Then tell me why you constant stressing
on how much you well connected like centipedes my nigga?
I function with you and you flaunt your pistol
Every second tell me how you pressed him at the Monte Crystal
Where so-and-so from and what neighborhoods beefing
Who baby momma's a rat and who got killed last weekend
That shit is mad depressing bringing me down
Speak on something with some substance that can get us both paid
rather than telling me how these niggas jocking your style
or his rims ain't bigger pussy nigga I'ma cut you off
Cause every time you come around you be hollering that
whoop-de-whoop blase-blah
He say she say oh my God
Shut the fuck up... scary ass
Every time you come around you be hollering that
whoop-de-whoop blase-blah
He say she say
Uh I'm tryna learn something new
I'm tryna better my chances of becoming a star
I'm tryna feel the vibe of Mona Lisa studying art
Now paint that picture life behind bars
Remember the very day I got caught?
I murdered a rapper and you filed the police report?
See what I was taught family is all I need
But indeed them too can run me right up a tree
Constantly talking shit bout the next relative
Wanting me to take sides but I'd never give in
Ever since grandma died everyone parted ways
Argue on holidays left my uncle in prison
For fifteen years no one paid him attention but moms
Yeah my momma as loyal as any sister would come
Come to my house just to yap about your own people dang
And if your blood wasn't running through my veins
I would probably cut y'all off too yep
Cause every time you come around y'all be hollering that
whoop-de-whoop blase-blah
He say she say oh my God
Shut the fuck up... keep it running Ali
Every time you come around you be hollering that
whoop-de-whoop blase-blah
He say she say
So tell 'em shut the fuck up
Tell 'em shut the fuck up
Yeah bitch you boo-boo you T
You turned down you thirsty
Tell 'em shut the fuck up
Tell 'em shut the fuck up
Yeah nigga you boo-boo you T
You turned down you thirsty
You thirsty you boo-boo
You T you turned down
You boo-boo you T
You boo-boo you turned down
You thirsty you T
You boo-boo you turned down
You boo-boo you T
You turned down you weak
You weak yo' bitch weak
Yeah 
You boo-boo you T 
Keep all that
What is HiiiPoWeR?
HiiiPoWeR is the way we think the way we live
See it's known today that the human race is nothing
No moral no standards
What we're about to do is raise the level of expectations
No you don't have to have a lot of money
You don't have to be rich
But you will be rich in mind and spirit
Some say it's as big as a crew some say it's as big as a gang
HiiiPoWeR lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"My nigga what it look like?"
Niggas hating bitches hating babies dying
Bullets flying helicopters police sirens preachers lying
Genosism criticism unemployment racism
Burning buildings AIDS victims cancer killing no cure
Oil spilling turmoil poverty-stricken
Police brutality kicking ass of us Africans hostages in Afghanistan
Not to mention another prison child molesting
Cow intestines botox injection earthquakes that's government testing
Secret society weapon opium plant manifested
that turn to crack then invest it amongst us blacks just a method
to hold us back great depression amongst Iraq no direction
No google map just a TEC for the soowoo
Swerving Isuzu then blah-blah-blah adolescents go cuckoo
Mothers are boo-boo crying the governor keep us starving
These commercials keep us buying these cigarettes
Supermarkets fill up our liver with triumph distinctive living with science
No place to live in no Zion see that's forbidden we frying
"My nigga what it look like?"
That's exactly what Hell look like uh
Tell it like it is nigga
Tell it like it is homeboy
Tell it like it is nigga
Tell it like it is tell 'em what's up
"My nigga what it look like?"
Malcolm laughing Martin laughing Biggie spitting
'Pac is rapping Gregory capping people singing bells is ringing
Children playing angels praying fourteen carat golden streets
Cali greens red wine potato yams lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I miss you where you been?
It's been months and I haven't heard from you I need you
It's been months and I haven't heard from you come back to me
Come back I need you in my life
I miss you I miss you come back to me I miss you
What's up baby? It's been a while
You been good? I've been around
different girls different towns
To keep it real you missing out
I'll all bored next city
Random cars TEC's with me
Like I miss you so much have sex with me
Not right now look you know I got the ex with me
She like fuck that I don't care Dom
So selfish and that really isn't fair Dom
Meet me here where Dom?
Get undressed yeah Dom
Yeah Dom what you need?
Some bomb head? A bag of weed?
Good food? Japanese?
That's me on page forty in that magazine
 you need that
She said nobody come close I agreed back
I'm the nigga who used to help her pull that weed back
and she need me believe that
That girl is smoking
and can you believe that I'm her focus?
It ain't hard to see she got me open
and together we are roller-coasting on on on
What's up love? It's been a while
You been good? I've been around
Remember dinner dates I was late? Mr. Chiles
Truant like a student you the principal
Schooled me on timing we was both shining
like the sun bouncing off the brightest blood diamond
I was Your Highness you was my queen
You got over him when I got in between
Watching Martin on TV as it was T-D-S
for us to eat TV dinners every time we was famished
But it was such a pleasure to watch you try to hold it together
Every time I put the head in you would panic
and come right down like an avalanche
Make your legs slant whisper till you juicing up your pants
Baby how that sound? Kosher no sir
Wake it back up Folgers posters
By my waistline shout for your hard hit
You called it a hate crime say you want me back
and your girl wanna date Dom that's high school shit
4-0-1 K we could be friends with benefits you dig that?
I upped and walked out now she crying cuz
She need me I got that John Bryan love
Had to find love we called it punch-drunk
We was a two-piece she was a one-punch
You know a knock-out and if she was to walk out
my heart would go black shrivel up and drop out
There we go again what the fuck you talking bout?
We used to fuck all the time back at my momma's house
Smoking beedies laying on the futon
Memories I got saved up like a coupon
And we'd be too gone off a sack of stress weed
I was broke then couldn't count the best weed
Then she would just leave in a black hatchback
Homies from the hood used to ask me if I'd tapped that
I would say yep smiling so freely
That was back then but I bet she still need me
She need me she need me
She need me she need me
I would say yes smiling so freely
That was back then lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
(feat. U.N.I Skeme Brown )
The homies say I'm the truest
The bitches think I'm the cutest
The definition what cool is
Boy I thought you knew this
Bitch I do this
Now I prefer women with some sexy toes
with no corns but enjoys eating vegetables
Seem like everybody love the role of assholes
But I'm feeling better being crowned with some bad hoes
Mr. Michael of  speaking
Fedora on the top the black Abraham Lincoln
I hear they fell in love with my penis
Only concerned with my balls like Venus
Huh they say I'm rolling like a big shot
Kama Sutra missionary fuck shit up on top
Say I'm big time Flavor Flav on a wristwatch
And all these chickens want that rooster call it Big Cock
Co-co-co-cock that aim and shoot that sure shot
U-N-I T.D.E. be doing it so go head and hop
on that bandwagon of my genitals not new to me
I'm still serving broads on my chest for gratuity
The homies say I'm the truest
The bitches think I'm the cutest
The definition what cool is
Boy I thought you knew this
Bitch I do this
Bitch I do this
Bitch I do this
The definition what cool is
Boy I thought you knew this
Bitch I do this
Oh Lord here he come there they go again
Kendrick got my cover fire bitch I'm going in
Burn a swisher up then I roll again
Ee-Jay and Weezy just make sure that dough keep rolling in hah!
Got the world going crazy
Big chrome .380 if a nigga try and play me
Nigga's swag wavy chauffeur got me car-pooling
So when it come to stunting bitch I do it
Never been like you or wanted to be I do me
She found out that I'm in a group now she's a groupie
Don't need a watch that's full of diamonds to know that it's perfect timing
We be shining blue and brown and got that golden Gucci
Yeah keep it simple stupid all I see is trendy all around me
T.D.E. the movement we Sore Losers out of Dallas County
Country accent city fashion lights are flashing on the cameras
Hoes are choosing me cause hating we ain't pimping keep our balance
These hoes want to love me mayne
So I'm like what up? Uh what up?
Uh bitch I do this remix stupid fire burning people looting
That's the chaos comes from K. Dot swinging swords and hanging nooses
Chunking deuces then drop one dropping music and I won
Call me hot or call me Pac every eye on me and it's obviously
I'm close as next to kingdom come I just run my city dude
You just make your city run they hate to be next to you
Tables turn say you earn rights to be the God MC
I'm bout to make that halo burn goddamn that's some irony
I am the messiah of society
Beside of Halle Berry feed me berries in Paris oui-oui
I carry on a great endeavor ambition leave all men grief
Like beliefs of Mason Betha reporting from C-P-T motherfucker
Bitch I do this
Bitch I do this
The definition what cool is
Boy lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Gather around
I'm glad everybody came out tonight
As we stand on our neighborhood corner
Know that this fire that's burning represents the passion you have
Listen Keisha Tammy come up front
I recognize all of you
Every creed and color
With that being said... fuck your ethnicity
You understand that?
We gon' talk about a lot of shit that concerns you
All of you
Now everybody throw your hands up high
If you don't give a fuck throw your hands up high
Now I don't give a fuck if you
Black White Asian Hispanic goddammit
That don't mean shit to me
Fuck your ethnicity nigga
Fire burning inside my eyes this the music that saved my life
Y'all be calling it hip-hop I be calling it hypnotize
Yeah hypnotize trapped my body but freed my mind
What the fuck is you fighting for? Ain't nobody gon' win that war
My details be retail man I got so much in store
Racism is still alive yellow tape and colored lines
Fuck that nigga look at that line it's so diverse
They getting off work and they wanna see Kendrick
Everybody can't drive Benz's and I been there so I make it my business
To give 'em my full attention ten-hut! Man I gotta get my wind up
Man I gotta get down with God cause I got my sins up
Matter of fact don't mistake me for no fucking rapper
They sit backstage and hide behind the fucking cameras
I mosh pit had a microphone and I tossed it
Had a brain then I lost it I'm out of my mind
So don't you mind how much the cost is penny for my thoughts
Everybody please hold up your wallets
Yeah man I'm the mailman can't you tell man?
Going postal never freeze up when I approach you
That's starstruck and roast you oh my
HiiiPower
(Reporting live from Planet Terminator X I am Martin Luther King with an AK-47)
Now I don't give a fuck if you
Black White Asian Hispanic goddammit
That don't mean shit to me
Fuck your ethnicity nigga
I'm tired of y'all cause everybody lied to y'all
And you believe it? Recognize them false achievements
It's treason and I'm Tylenol I knock out when you knock it off
Knock on the doors of opportunity I'm too involved
I'm no activist I'm no Einstein before calculus
I was kicking that Math dropping that science
Like an alchemist and I be kicking that ass lyrically I'm UFC
If a UFO had came for me I'mma come back with the head of an alien
Don't alienate my dreams get it right
Get a life I got 2 that's a metaphor for the big shit I do
Boy TMI TSA man I'm fly put wings on my back
That a plane or angel? Both like a pilot with a halo whoa... Gross
I mean I've seen so many things come through them him her you
I'm just a messenger yeah I know life's a bitch get the best of her
Put them 3's up they notice that we up HiiiPower
And the power in the people and if they don't believe us they'll die
Wizard
Now I don't give a fuck if you
Black White Asian Hispanic goddammit
That don't mean shit to me
Fuck your ethnicity lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I wrote this record while thirty thousand feet in the air
Stewardess complimentiní me on my nappy hair
If I can fuck her in front of all of these passengers
Theyíll probíly think Iím a terrorist
Eat my asparagus then Iím askiní her
Thoughts of a young nigga fast money and freedom
A crash dummy for diamonds I know you dyiní to meet ëem
Iíll probíly die in a minute
Just bury me with twenty bitches twenty million and a Comptown fitted
Holí up 
Holí up 
Holí up 
Holí up 
Yeah big shit poppiní
Section 80
Back in this bitch in the back of that bitch
Wití my back against the wall and yoí bitch on the edge of my dick
Jump off
I call a bitch a bitch a ho a ho a woman a woman
I never did nothiní but break the ground on top of the asphalt
Tire mark gave you evidence that Iím easily peddliní with the speed of a lightniní bolt
As a kid I killed two adults Iím too advanced
I live my twenties at two years old the wiser man
Truth be told Iím like eighty-seven
Wicked as eighty reverends in a pool of fire wití devils holdiní hands
From the distance donít know which one is a Christian damn
Who can I trust in 2012? Thereís no one
Not even myself a Gemini screaminí for help somebody
Holí up 
Holí up 
Holí up 
Holí up 
Yeah big shit poppiní everybody watchiní
When you do it like this nigga losiní ainít an option
Holí up 
Holí up 
Holí up 
Holí up 
Yeah big shit poppiní
(Ay ay kick her out the studio Ali)
24/7 nigga workiní his ass for it she poppiní that ass for it
The King of Diamonds wití diamonds I never do ask for
They checkiní my passport Iím too accustomed with Customs
She call in the task force I killed it somebody cuff ëim
They want me to fast-forward the game and why you complain
When you niggas is past poor youíll never hop in my lane
When you pushiní a RAV4 you wreckiní my Jaguar
You play like a bad sport her feet on the dashboard
Holí up 
Holí up 
Holí up 
Holí up 
Yeah big shit poppiní everybody watchiní
When you do it like this nigga losiní ainít an option
Holí up 
Holí up 
Holí up 
Holí up 
Yeah big shit poppiní everybody watchiní
When you do it like this niggaÖ
I wrote this record while thirty thousand feet in the air
Stewardess complimentiní me on my nappy hair
If I can fuck her in front of all of these passengers
Theyíll probíly think Iím Osama
The plane emergency landed lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Fuck that
8 doobies to the face
Fuck that
12 bottles in the case
Nigga fuck that
2 pills and a half weight
Nigga fuck that
Got a high tolerance
When your age don't exist
Man I swear
My nigga tripping off the shit again
Pick him up then I set him in
Cold water then I order someone to bring him vicodin
Hope they take the pain away
From the feeling that he feel today
You know when you part of section 80
And you feeling like no one can relate
Cause you are you are
A loner loner
Marijuana endorphins
Make you stronger stronger
I'm in the house party tripping off
My generation sipping cough syrup like its water
Never no pancakes in the kitchen
Man no wonder our lives is caught up
In the daily superstition
That the world is bout to end
Who gives a fuck? We never do listen
Unless it comes with an 808
A melody and some hoes
PlayStation and some drank
Technology bought my soul
Looking around and all I see
Is a big crowd that's product of me
And they probably relatives
Relevant for a rebel's dream
Yep the president is black
She black too
Purple label on her back
But that tab
Is light blue she take it straight to the head
Then she look at me
She got ADHD
8 doobies to the face
Fuck that
12 bottles in the case
Nigga fuck that
2 pills and a half weight
Nigga fuck that
Got a high tolerance
When your age don't exist
Like whoa oh oh whoa
Like whoa oh oh whoa
Like whoa oh oh whoa
Like whoa oh oh whoa
Don't got a limit just gimme some more with it
Don't got a limit just gimme some more with it
They always told me ADHD did it
And then she started
And then she started
Feeling herself like no on else in this apartment
Beg you pardon
Oh I rap baby. How old are you?
She say 22 I say 23
OK then we all crack babies
Damn why you say that?
She said where my drink at?
I'm a tell you later just tell your neighbors
Have the police relax
I stood up shut the blinds
Closed the screen jumbotron
Made it to the back where she reside
Then she said read between the lines
Yep hope that I get close enough
When the lights turn down
And the fact that she just might open up
When the new flow start to drown
Her body and I know the both of us really deep in the move now
It's nothing we can do now
Somebody walked in with a pound
Of that Bay Area kush
She looked at me then looked
At it then she grabbed it
Then she said get it understood
You know why we crack babies
Because we born in the 80s
That ADHD crazy
Fuck that
8 doobies to the face
Fuck that
12 bottles in the case
Nigga fuck that
2 pills and a half weight
Nigga fuck that
Got a high tolerance
When your age don't exist
Like whoa oh oh whoa
Like whoa oh oh whoa
Like whoa oh oh whoa
Like whoa oh oh whoa
Don't got a limit just gimme some more with it
Don't got a limit just gimme some more with it
They always told me ADHD did it
You can have all my shine
I'll give you the light
Double cup deuce four six
Just mix it in Sprite
Ecstasy 'shrooms blow dro lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I love the way you put it on your eyes
The roses on your face light up the sky
Those lips are colorful all of the time time time
And girl that's fine but I wanna know do you mind?
No makeup today-day-day-day-day-day
No makeup today-day-day-day-day-day 
No makeup today-day-day-day-day-day
No makeup today
And girl that's fine but I wanna know do you mind-mind-mind-mind?
I know she bout to ask me how she look
I tell her beautiful and how long it took
for you to put it on? It was early in the morn'
She resembled a model out of a MAC book
Concentrating on the way the eyeliner thickens
I stand behind her and try to figure her vision
of prettiness the wittiness of colors on her skin tone
Her complexion in a direction I've outgrown
Damn girl why so much?
You bout to blow your cover when you cover up
Don't you know your imperfections is a wonderful blessing
From Heaven is where you got it from
I love your smile you can do it without style
From your lips all the way to your eyebrows
It's the beauty in her but when the makeup occur
I don't see it all I see is a blur
I know she bout to ask me how she look
I tell her beautiful and how long it took
for you to put it on? It was early in the morn'
She resembled a model out of a MAC book
 eyeliner thickens
 figure her vision
(of prettiness the wittiness of colors on my skin tone
My complexion in a direction) I've outgrown
 your imperfections 
They tell me I need to) smile (at least once in a while
I hate my lips my nose my) eyebrows
(It's the beauty in me but what he don't see
is that I had a black eye) 
To be continued lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I know this girl
She a real good girl
And she be low-key
Looking like a star
With a real nice car
A Mercedes key
And she got a nigga
And she love this nigga
Well at least I think
Everytime we bark
She pay us no mind
In the middle of the street
She be like..
Fuck them other niggas cause
I'm down for my nigga
Fuck them other niggas cause
I'm down for my nigga
Fuck them other niggas
I'll ride for my nigga
I'll die for my nigga
Fuck them other..
Until one day he wasn't acting right
In the middle of the night
She checked his phone Erica right
When he plead the fifth man it was on
Matter of fact she gone
Matter of fact Tyrone
Was on speed dial so when she got home
It was going down she go..
Fuck that other nigga
When she tired of her nigga
Fuck that other nigga
When she tired of her nigga
Fuck that other nigga
When she tired of her nigga
Sick of lies from her nigga
Fuck that other..
I know this girl
She a real hood girl
And she with the shit
Keep her hair tied up
Big bamboos
Mike Jordan kicks with that
Big butt but when I try
To holla she don't exist
In her man she trust
So when I holla
She gon resist and her man she trust
So when I walk by her
She be screaming this..
Until one day he wasn't acting right
In the middle of the night
She checked his pockets
Found condoms by Magnum
And the moment they was acknowledged
She popped his eye
Then ran outside
Then started driving
On the passenger side
Homeboy was smiling she go..
And so these girls
These vulnerable girls
Took they men up
Put em in their world
Their vulnerable world
And just like that it was
Only getting they feelings hurt
Tell me how that sound?
They got fed up with the
Biggest question mark
They curious now
Cause when women get sick of men
They think of a big helping hand
To lend each other under cover emotions when lights dim
So when she telling her to come over
It'll be alright
The minute she hit the block
And turn left she'll be turning dyke lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Riding with them boys and girls and we're high
All we want to do is have a good time
Young wild and reckless is how we live life
Pray that we make it to twenty-one one one one
Whoa-ohhh whoa-ohhh
We make it to twenty-one one one one
Whoa-oh-oh-oh oh-oh-oh
I'm glad we were able to talk about her vice and her evils
There's an even more important topic I'd like to discuss
The dysfunctional bastards of the Ronald Reagan era
Young men that learned to do everything spiteful
This is your generation lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
(feat. Ashtro Bot RZA)
We're far from good not good from far
Ninety miles per hour down Compton Boulevard
with the top down screaming we don't give a fuck
Drink my forty ounce of freedom while I roll my blunt
cause the kids just ain't alright
Oh shit nigga something bout to happen
Nigga this shit nigga this sound like thirty ki's under the Compton court building
Hope the dogs don't smell it
Welcome to vigilante eighties so don't you ask me
I'm hungry my body's antsy I rip through your fucking pantry
Peeling off like a Xanny examine my orchestra
Granny said when I'm old enough I'll be sure to be all I can be
You niggas Marcus Camby washed up
Pussy fix your panties I'm Mr. Marcus you getting fucked uh
You ain't heard nothing harder since Daddy Kane
Take it in vain Vicodins couldn't ease the pain
Lightning bolts hit your body you thought it rained
Not a cloud in sight just the shit that I write
Strong enough to stand in front of a traveling freight train
Are you trained to go against Dracula?
Dragging the record industry by my fangs
AK clips money clips and gold chains
You walk around with a P-90 like it's the 90s
Bullet to your temple you're homicidal remind me that
Compton Crip niggas ain't nothing to fuck with
Bompton Pirus ain't nothing to fuck with
Compton eses ain't nothing to fuck with
But they fuck with me and bitch I love it
Woop-de-woop woop-de-woop-woop woop-de-woop
Woop-de-woop woop-de-woop-woop 
Woop-de-woop woop-de-woop-woop woop-de-woop
Woop-de-woop woop-de-woop-woop 
Let's hit the county building gotta cash my check
Spend it all on a forty-ounce to the neck
And in retrospect I remember December being the hottest
Squad cars neighborhood wars and stolen Mazdas
I tell you motherfuckers that life is full of hydraulics
Up and down get a six-four better know how to drive it
I'm driving on E with no license or registration
Heart racing racing past Johnny because he's racist
1987 the children on Ronald Reagan
raked the leaves off your front porch with a machine blowtorch
 You blowing on stress hoping to ease the stress
(Like really out here) He copping some blow hoping that he can stretch
Newborn massacre hopping out the passenger
with calendars cause your day coming
Run him down and then he gun him down I'm hoping that you fast enough
Even the legs of Michael Johnson don't mean nothing because
Can't detour when you at war with your city why run for it?
Just ride with me just die with me that gun store right there
When you fight don't fight fair cause you'll never win
(Right I had the chopper and I tore they ass up)
Can't detour when you at war with your city why run for it?
Just ride with me just die with me that gun store right there
When you fight don't fight fair cause you'll never win yeah yeah yeah
Whoa whoa whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
Whoa whoa whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
Whoa whoa whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
Whoa whoa whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
We really out here my nigga you niggas don't understand my nigga
I'm off of pill and Remy Red my nigga lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Smoke good eat good live good 
I used to want to see the penitentiary way after elementary
Thought it was cool to look the judge in the face when he sentenced me
Since my uncles was institutionalised
my intuition has said I was suited for family ties
My mama is stressing my daddy tired
I need me a weapon these niggas ride
every minute hour and second ministers tried
to save me how I'm gon' listen when I don't even hear God?
Heaven or Hell base it all on my instincts
My hands dirty you worried bout mud in your sink
You like to mistake a street nigga for real nigga
That same nigga that kill with ya squeal with ya
I deal with ya like my son stare at the sun
and you'll be looking in my eyes homie
Stand for something or fall for anything
and you working with two left feet at the skating rink
But anyway this for my niggas
Uncles twenty-three hours sending me pictures
I want you to know that I'm so determined to blow
that you hear the music I wrote hope it get you off death row
You came home to a pocket full of stones
A MetroPC' phone then you went back in
So when I touch the pen the pen is in my view
I'ma get it right just so you
Smoke good eat good live good 
And I do this for the city
Got some Hennessy and my real niggas with me
Fuck the police they gon' have to come and get me
If it feel good to ya holler if you hear me
You like to mistake a street nigga for real nigga
That same nigga that kill with ya squeal with ya
I'd like to start it out from the bottom and build with ya
Be on my last dollar and split the bill with ya
I'm twenty-three with morals and plans of living cordial
Not rich but wealthy there's nothing you can tell me
My killings are not remorseful the city got my back
Before that I give them my torso
You think about it and don't call me lyrical
cause really I'm just a nigga that's evil and spiritual
I know some rappers using big words to make they similes curve
My simplest shit be more pivotal
I penetrate the hearts of good kids and criminals
Worry some individuals that live life critical
So won't you bare witness while I bare feet
so you can walk in my shoes and get to know me
But anyway this for my pops
on his lunch break eating in that parking lot
On  probably thought he worked my nerves
But really he was stressing me getting what I deserved
Somebody said my name on the radio he ain't know
I was ready for the world that minute
So the next time he roll up and drop grams in it he'll probably be
out of work laid back while he
Smoke good eat good live good 
And I do this for the city
Got some Hennessy and my real niggas with me
Fuck the police they gon' have to come and get me
If it feel good to ya holler if you hear me
Church is definitely on the move and now that we took it up to the cathedral
cause the ism is enormous you know what I'm talking bout?
We out here rotating under the five Ps
Proper preparation prevents poor performance you know what I'm talking bout?
Doing my thing cause I'm rotating with my speakers thumping
from the Windy City streets all the way out here to the streets of Compton
Know what I'm talking bout? Church is definitely on the move
and we gon' continue to hustle and grow and develop by far
As I rotate with my true player partner by the name of Kendrick Lamar
You know what I'm talking bout?
This is the ism this is the vision you know what I'm talking bout?
You gotta get up off your ass and get it man
That's the only way your pockets gonna expand
I tell you everyday you know what I'm talking bout?
Apply yourself to supply your wealth
Only limitations you'll ever have are those that you place upon yourself
Church is definitely on the move you know what I'm talking bout?
Exercise your ism and don't depend on no one else
Cathedral lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I know a lot of people that smile in my face
But talk behind my back every time I'm gone
So when they call my number I don't never pick up
I don't owe you shit bitch leave me alone
I'm going big suck my dick
I'm going big suck my dick
I'm going big suck my dick
I'm going big suck my dick
Too many niggas not enough hoes
And some of you niggas acting like hoes
Stay to myself like loners do
Get high by myself I'm not in the mood
To politic or be fake with you
We apologize if you ever knew
Too many niggas and not enough hoes
And most of you niggas acting like hoes
Everything I do is alumni
I'm a take my time I'm a master it
You should be mindful of a mastermind
Put a landmine right where your momma live
Now blow up blow up hold up
I seen your kind before
See me as a dollar sign
Till I resign on your report
That I done you wrong and I mean to know
My homie never
Nigga right now it's now or never
Nigga right now I'm high as ever
But however...
Everybody heard that I fuck with Dre
And they wanna tell me I made it
Nigga I ain't made shit
If he gave me a handout
I'm a take his wrist and break it
Nigga I'm faded off of that Nuvo
Chilling with two hoes in here
And they tie my laces living the Matrix
As them pills disappear
Me and my niggas just acting bad
HiiiPower conglomerate
Living that life and counting this cash
Old friends I no longer have
I remember when I came out and shit
Man it's been so long since they see my dick
Probably been five months since I seen my seed
God dammit K Dot when it comes to this
When I was sleeping on couches
Nigga couldn't get a call just a Glock for my vouch
Nigga I was motherfucking outchea
With the flashing lights had me stuck like reindeer
When I should've been making bangers
I was somewhere stuck with a flame here
Motherfucker see how far that I came here
Went broke and I came up in the same year
Can I get a hell yea?
Drop my tear hold my joy show my pride
(Music saved my fucking life
I'm doing right
And you left behind
Feel my pain now I'm styling
Heard this shit I spent a thousand
Different homes different islands)
Dropped my mix-tape and it sold like an album
Reason why I'm...
Going big bitch suck my dick
Yea I'm going big bitch suck my dick
Tell em I'm going big bitch suck my dick
Yea I'm going big lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
In time you'll learn this is about you 
Babies from 80s don't know no better
Don't nothing go better with ignorance
But the belligerent kids that we living with
Some of them masculine some of the feminine
'Member the universe used to be innocent
Now they just look at us crazy like immigrants
Everyday that I wake up I'ma sin again
I'm not a citizen
I'm just a nigga from Section.80
Show of hands how many been taking notes?
Good
Leave everything on the table now
On the real
This is your generation
Show lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Fancy girls on Long Beach Boulevard
Flagging down all of these flashy cars
Uh and Lord knows she's beautiful
Lord knows the usuals leaving her body sore
She takes the little change she make to fix her nail cuticles
Lipstick is suitable to make you fiend for more
She play Mr. Shakur that's her favorite rapper
Bumping  while a pervert yelling at her
And she capture features of a woman but only seventeen
The seven cars start honking she start running
like Flo-Jo don't care if they Joe Blow
If they got money to blow a blow job is a sure go
And sure enough don't see a dime of dirty dollars
Just give all to her daddy but she don't know her father that's ironic
See a block away from Lueders Park I seen the El Camino parked
and in her heart she hate it there but in her mind she made it where
nothing really matters so she hit the back seat
Rosa Parks never a factor when she making ends meet
And Lord knows she's beautiful
Lord knows the usuals leaving her body sore
Her anatomy is God's temple
and it's quite simple her castle is bout to be destroyed
She's always paranoid watching the law inside the streets
Undercovers and dummies that look like decoys
Remember sergeant let her slide
Said if he seen what's between her thighs he'd compromise to no surprise
she took the ultimatum round the alleyway and gave him
a warm welcome that filled him right below the navel
Though he was wired up like a pair of jumping cables
His eyes was closed shut prior charges he had waived 'em
It was a block away from Lueders Park I seen a squad car parked
and in her heart she hate it there but in her mind she made it where
nothing really matters so she hit the back seat
cause Rosa Parks never a factor when she topping off police
And Lord knows she's beautiful
Lord knows the usuals leaving her body sore
As she bust down like a twelve bunk on tour
she suddenly realized she'll never escape the allure
of the black man white man needing satisfaction
At first it became a practice but now she's numb to it
Sometimes she wonder if she can do it like nuns do it
But she never heard of Catholic religion or sinners' redemption
That sounds foolish and you can blame it on her mother
for letting her boyfriend slide candy under her cover
Ten months before she was ten he moved in and that's when he touched her
This motherfucker is the fucking reason why Keisha rushing
through that block away from Lueders Park I seen the El Camino parked
and in her heart she hate it there but in her mind she made it where
nothing really matters so she hit the back seat
Then caught a knife inside the bladder left her dead raped in the street
Keisha's song
Mm my little sister eleven I looked her right in the face
the day that I wrote this song lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson with madness
Now just imagine the magic I light to asses
Don't ask for your favorite rapper
 Yessir
 Church
 I killed him
 bitch
And this is rigamortis
And it's gorgeous when you die
Ali recorded and I'm Morpheus
The Matrix in my mind
I'm out the orbit
You an orphan and a hairdresser combined
I'm on the toilet when I rhyme
If you the shit then I decline
I climax when you begin
And then I end on Cloud 9
And that's important when you morph
Into an angel in the sky
And don't be forging all my signatures
My listeners reply and tell me
That you biting style
You got a hell of an appetite
And I'm be here for a while
Just buckle up before the ride
Or knuckle up if you could fight
We always making them duck or die
A suit and tie is suitable and usual in suicide
CSI just might investigate
This fucking parasite
That's what they telling me
Aim it at your celebrity
This is studio felony
Pharrell got me too many
And cool enough for the 70s
Nigga payback's a bitch
And bitch you been living in debt with me
That I more than especially
Leave a call on his mother voicemail
To say that he rest in peace
Bigger chopper the recipe
Wrestling that's irrelevant
Rather rest at your residence
Whistling to the melody
Couldn't think of a better D
Better be on your P and Q
It's just me Jay Rock Soul and Q
Solar system ain't barbeque
Ain't nothing else you can do
 yup yup
 I killed him
 hahaha
 amen
Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson don't ask for your favorite rapper
 yup yup
 I know
 for sure
 amen
Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson don't ask for your favorite rapper
I rapped him and made him Casper
I captured the likes of NASA
My pedigree to fly past ya
I pass the weed to the pastor
We all are sinners
Won't you send us to Bible study faster
You hypocrit-esque is reaction of blasphemy
I assassin my casualty
And it's casually done
And tell 'em my salary come
A lump sum of hundreds
Don't talk to be bout no money
The sun is under my feet
And I come in peace to compete
I don't run if you rather leap
My statistics go up in weeks
And I go visit the nearest creek
And I get busy on many MC
Really ballistic anybody can see
Any assistance everybody done see
Some persistence recognize I be
Really too vicious the permanent beast
And the demolition breaking up the streets
Better partition better dot your T
And I gon' mention how the far you see
Putting my dick in the rap industry
Everybody bitchin' getting mad at me
Recognize Kendrick in the battery
And I'm charged up and the catastrophe
Is charged up and the audacity
And y'all fucks never could hassle me
And y'all luck just ran out you'll see
 yup yup
 I know
 for sure
 amen
Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson don't ask for your favorite rapper
 yup lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Check check check check...
It go
Ride to it ride to it cause you never know
when a bullet might hit and you die to it die to it
Die to it die to it live your life live it right
Be different do different things don't do it like
he did cause he ain't what you is but we can win
Wait let's get straight to the point
To the meaning of life what's my purpose?
Maybe this earth is ain't a good place to be
How far is Heaven? Let's see
Is it in the clouds like they said it would be?
I wonder when I die will he give me receipts?
I wonder will the eyes of the Lord look at me?
Look at me look at me I'm a loser I'm a winner
I'm good I'm bad I'm a Christian I'm a sinner
I'm humble I'm loud I'm righteous I'm a killer
What I'm doing I'm saying that I'm human now people just
It go one two three
Two in the front one in the back seat seat
Seat seat looking for a victim of an AK-47
Hundred round each each each
But why must we retaliate? Is it human nature?
I don't know I look for the answers later
Make a right there they go sometimes gotta
As I open this book and then burn up some of this reefer
My plan is to figure out the world and escape all my demons
I'm dying inside I wonder if Zion inside the Heavens
A condom a rollie pain a fat blunt and a MAC-11
That's all I see in my life and they tell me to make it right
But I'm right on the edge on Everest and I might jump tonight
Have you ever had known a saint that was taking sinner's advice?
Well it's probably you am I right? If I'm wrong you a fucking lie
When I lie on back and look at the ceiling it's so appealing to pray
I wonder if I'm just a villain dealing my morals away
Some people look at my face then tell me don't worry bout it
I give 'em back they deposit no money just total silence
I'm running they say I'm wildin' a youngun with lack of guidance
There's hundreds of us with problems more money more drugs and violence
Look at the soul of an out-of-control artist that's dealing with life the hardest
That's on my life but regardless I'ma
Yeah life can please ya but death can tease ya
On the day Niko had that seizure I lost one of my biggest believers ohh
Close deaths make you think about your life
like if I had the same chance twice what would I do different?
I'd tell her I loved her more do more
but tease her bout crying on that picture
Now when I'm done recording swear I let the beat bang in her name
Make her shake her head in Heaven saying they at it again
Make them clouds turn to speakers
Don't take too much smoke from the reefer
Love being in the room with her peoples
Now my love life murking it family having surgeries
Hate it that the truth that chose for they life to be under me
Lord what kind of life is this?
Mama I just wanna sing
Mama said lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Smoking out pouring up keep that lean up in my cup
All my car got leather and wood in my hood we call it buck
Everybody wanna ball holla at broads at the mall
If he up watch him fall I can't fuck with y'all"
Taking off when you landing
Bitch niggas gonna throw tantrums
And I'm dancing on them stars
The galaxy ain't got room for y'all
Ain't nothing gonna happen soon for y'all
while I'm here and every day I hear
your bullshit self-pity
Reason why you never dealt with me
Reason why your girl dealt with me
Hands up in the building we get busy and say
R-I-P Aaliyah R-I-P yep
R-I-P Aaliyah R-I-P yep
That's exactly what this sound like
A to the A to the L-I-Y
A-H give it up two times
Then give it right back don't blow my high
Look at my life then look at yours
Get some ambition why you bored?
Time will never wait on no man
Society will never hold your hand
Niggas like to gossip like bitches
Got me thinking you don't like bitches
Wonder what's behind them Ray Bans
Eyes of a coward I understand
Niggas like to gossip like bitches
Sip Don Perignon when we finish we say
R-I-P Aaliyah R-I-P yep
R-I-P Aaliyah R-I-P yep
That's exactly what this sound like
But never will I ever forget Left Eye
Roll up put a ribbon in the sky
and a button on your lips don't blow my high
Now everybody sing this shit
I'm sending him a four-page letter
and I enclose it with a kiss
And when I write he'll be better
Get it on time
Look at my life and look at yours
Get some ambition why you bored?
R-I-P Aaliyah R-I-P
R-I-P Aaliyah R-I-P
R-I-P Aaliyah R-I-P
R-I-P Aaliyah lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
What's your life about? Enlighten me
Is you gon' live on your knees or die on your feet?
There's fire in the street fire in the swisher
Fire in between the two legs of your lil' sister
Just get a sip of this elixir
before they crop us out the picture
I've never seen a crop circle
but I've cops circle the block I puff squares
But I swear one day I'ma stop my nerves itch
On the brink of my career while my peers struggle for employment
Can you hear these screams? 
One two three four grams and a fifth of Hennessy
A bad bitch fuck the penitentiary
Section 80's babies blame Ronald Reagan
We raising hell
Lord forbid
The homie got wet so we tryna soak it in
The president is black but you can't vote for skin
You vote for the better man
Come to our show you can see the diversity
Unify the people they gon' peep it universally
We might not change the world but we gon' manipulate it
I hope you participating
Aiyyo Dot won't you let these cats know?
We knew we'd be here like back in '04
Started HiiiPoWeR because our generation needed a generator
and the system made to disintegrate us
And all we do is assist 'em
We're not victors we're victims
The bigger picture isn't developed yet
Like what if kids were celibate?
Or what is Tammy came across a real man
who didn't play games like chil-dren?
My nigga cheated on his girlfriend
with his girlfriend's girlfriend let the world end
And everybody tripping off twenty-twelve
and the extraterrestrial presence as well
 but our future's not
That martial law shit drop we gon' all get got
So keep that question mark on your face
Eat your fast-food use your fluoride toothpaste
Hide your feelings from the public work your lil' nine-to-five
Don't forget to pay your tithes and thank God you alive 
And on another note
we focussed like the Hubble Telescope 'Soul
Life is a traffic jam 
Life is a traffic jam
Life is a traffic jam
Life is a traffic jam
Life is a traffic jam 
Life is a traffic jam 
Life is a traffic jam 
Life is a traffic jam
Life is a traffic jam
I wrote this because I was ordered to
People say I speak for generation Y
Why lie? I do
Section 80 your son will play me if radio won't
Daughters that just turned one to twenty-one listen to Kendrick
For instance
What's your life about? Enlighten me
Is you gon' live on your knees or die on your feet?
Take out that student loan and pay off your college degree
and do exactly what you see on TV
True story
Hmm can you repeat that for me 'Soul?
What's your life about? Enlighten me
Is you gon' live on your knees or die on your feet?
Is you gon' plead the fifth or sound the horn?
The time is now my child come on
See a lot of y'all don't understand Kendrick Lamar
because you wonder how I could talk about money hoes clothes God and history
all in the same sentence
You know what all them things have in common?
Only half of the truth if you tell it
See I spent twenty-three years on this earth searching for answers
till one day I realised I had to come up with my own
I'm not on the outside looking in I'm not on inside looking out
I'm in the dead fucking centre looking around
You ever seen a newborn baby kill a grown man?
That's an analogy for the way the world make me react
My innocence been dead
So the next time I talk about money hoes clothes God and history
all in the same sentence
just know I meant it and you felt it
cause you too are searching for answers
I'm not the next pop star I'm not the next socially aware rapper
I am a human motherfucking being over dope ass instrumentation
Kendrick Lamar
Now fuck 'em up Terrace
I watch this fire that we're gathered around
and see that it burns similar to the fire that burns inside you
Section 80 Section 80 babies
A generation of bliss and disobedience
No they can't control us no they can't control you
No they can't control us but we control each other
We build our own world
If you don't leave with nothing else tonight you will leave with knowing yourself
You will leave knowing you represent something that's bigger than all of us
or our family
Heart honor and represent
This is you this is me lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Everybody put three fingers in the air
The sky is falling the wind is calling
Stand for something or die in the morning
Section 80 HiiiPoWeR
Visions of Martin Luther staring at me
Malcolm X put a hex on my future someone catch me
I'm falling victim to a revolutionary song
The Serengeti's clone
Back to put you backstabbers back on your spinal bone
You slipped your disc when I slid you my disc
You wanted to diss but jumped on my dick
Grown men never should bite their tongue
unless you eating pussy that smell like it's a stale plum
I got my finger on the motherfucking pistol
aiming it at a pig Charlotte's Web is gonna miss you
My issue isn't televised and you ain't gotta tell the wise
how to stay on beat because our life's an instrumental
This is physical and mental I won't sugar-coat it
You'd die from diabetes if these other niggas wrote it
And everything on TV just a figment of imagination
I don't want no plastic nation  that like a Haitian
While you motherfuckers waiting I be off the slave ship
Building pyramids writing my own hieroglyphs
Just call the shit HiiiPoWeR
Nigga nothing less than HiiiPoWeR
Five-star dishes food for thought bitches
I mean the shit is Huey Newton going stupid
You can't resist his HiiiPoWeR
Throw your hands up for HiiiPoWeR
Visions of Martin Luther staring at me
If I see it how he seen it that would make my parents happy
Sorry mama I can't turn the other cheek
They wanna knock me off the edge like a fucking widow's peak uhh
And she always told me pray for the weak uhh
Them demons got me I ain't prayed in some weeks uhh
Dear Lord come save me the Devil's working hard
He probably clocking double shifts on all of his jobs
Frightening so fucking frightening
Enough to drive a man insane I need a license
to kill I'm standing on a field full of land mines
Doing the moonwalk hoping I blow up in time
Cause 2012 might not be a fucking legend
Trying to be a fucking legend the man of mankind
Who said a black man in the Illuminati?
Last time I checked that was the biggest racist party
So get up off that slave ship
Build your own pyramids write your own hieroglyphs
Just call the shit HiiiPoWeR
Nigga nothing less than HiiiPoWeR
Five-star dishes food for thought bitches
I mean the shit is Bobby Seale making meals
You can't resist his HiiiPoWeR
Throw your hands up for HiiiPoWeR
Every day we fight the system
just to make our way we been down for too long
But that's alright we was built to be strong
cause it's our life na-na-nah
Every day we fight the system
We fight the system
We fight the system
We been down for too long
But that's alright na-na-nah
Who said a black man in Illuminati?
Last time I checked that was the biggest racist party
Last time I checked we was racing with Marcus Garvey
on the freeway to Africa till I wreck my Audi
And I want everybody to view my autopsy
So you can see exactly where the government had shot me
No conspiracy my fate is inevitable
They play musical chairs once I'm on that pedestal
Frightening so fucking frightening
Enough to drive a man insane a woman insane
The reason Lauryn Hill don't sing or Kurt Cobain
loaded that clip and then said  the drama it bring
is crazy product of the late 80s
Trying to stay above water that's why we shun the Navy
Pull your guns and play me let's set it off
Cause a riot throw a Molotov
Somebody told me them pirates had got lost
cause we been off them slave ships
Got our own pyramids write our own hieroglyphs
Just call the shit HiiiPoWeR
Yeah nothing less than HiiiPoWeR
Five-star dishes food for thought bitches
I mean the shit is Fred Hampton on your campus
You can't resist his lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Lord God I come to you a sinner
And I humbly repent for my sins
I believe that Jesus is Lord
I believe that you raised him from the dead
I will ask that Jesus will come to my life
And be my Lord and Savior
I receive Jesus to take control of my life
And that I may live for him from this day forth
Thank you Lord Jesus for saving me with your precious blood
In Jesus' name Amen
I met her at this house party on El Segundo and Central
She had the credentials of strippers in Atlanta
Ass came with a hump from the jump she was a camel
I want to ride like Arabians push an '04 Mercedes-Benz
"Hello my name is KendrickNo you're handsome."
Whispered in my ear disappeared then found her dancin'
Ciara had played in the background
The parade music we made had us all wearin' shades now
"Cool where you stay?"
She said: 
Okay I know that's borderline Compton or Paramount
"Well is it Compton?No" she replied
And quickly start battin' her eyes
And strictly had wanted her thighs around me
Seventeen with nothin' but pussy stuck on my mental
My motive was rather sinful
She didn't tell just gave me her Nextel
Dropped the number we chirped the whole summer and well
The summer had passed and now I'm likin' her
Conversation we havin' probably enticin' her
Who could imagine? Maybe my actions will end up wifin' her
Love or lust regardless we'll fuck 'cause the trife in us
It's deep-rooted the music of bein' young and dumb
Is never muted; in fact it's much louder where I'm from
We know a lot 'bout each other her mother was a crack addict
She live with her granny and her younger two brothers
Her favorite cousin Demetrius's irrepetible
Family history of gang bangin' did make me skeptical
But not enough to stop me from gettin' a nut
I wanna come over what's up?
That's what I told her soon as this episode
Of Martin go off I'm tryin' to get off
I was in heat like a cactus my tactics of bein' thirsty
Probably could hurt me but fuck it I got some heart
Grab my momma's keys hopped in the car then oh boy
So now I'm down Rosecrans in a Caravan
Passin' Alameda my gas meter in need of a pump
I got enough to get me through the traffic jam
At least I hope 'cause my pockets broke as a promise man
I'm thinkin' about that sex thinkin' about her thighs
Or maybe kissin' on her neck or maybe what position's next
Sent a picture of her titties blowin' up my texts
I looked at 'em and almost ran my front bumper into Corvette
Enthused by the touch of a woman she's a masseuse
And I'm a professional porn star when off the Goose
I had a fifth in the trunk like Curtis Jackson for ransom
I'm hopin' to get her loose like an Uncle Luke Anthem
I'm two blocks away 250 feet
And six steps from where she stay she wavin' me 'cross the street
I pulled up a smile on my face and then I see
Two niggas two black hoodies I froze as my phone rang
Please leave your message for 323-
Record your message after the tone
Kendrick where you at?
Damn! I'm sittin' here waitin' on my van
You told me you was gon' be back in fiffteen minutes!
I gotta go to the county buildin man
These kids ready to eat! Iím ready to eat shit
I gotta get them food stamps come on now
You on you way or what?
I hope you ainít out there messin' with them damn hood-rats out there shit especially that crazy-ass girl Sherane
Plus you got school tomorrow
You keep fuckin' around in them streets you ainít gon' pass to the next grade 11th grade
Yo' daddy hollerin' about some damn dominoes
He want to holler at you too
Go 'head Kenny go! Shit
(Hello? Yeah where my motherfuckin' dominoes at?)
Kenny!  You on his voicemail! Damn fool  Shit!
(K where my motherfuckin' dominoes at?
This the second time I ask you to bring my fuckin' dominoes!)
Kenny give me the damn phone shit. Donít hang up! Damn!
(Keep losin' my damn dominoes we gon' have to go in the backyard and squab homie)
Just let meó Kendrick
When you get this message man call me back
I need to know when you gon' bring back my damn car
This man fussin' about some damn dominoes
It ainít all that serious fuck damn dominoes
Shit I'ma miss my damn appointment! Fuck!
Fuck them damn dominoes nobody wanna hear that
(Nobody wanna hear yo' ass!
Matter of fact"Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe"
I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me
Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink I got my music I will share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Look inside of my soul and you can find gold and maybe get rich
Look inside of your soul and you can find out it never exist
I can feel the changes
I can feel a new life
I always knew life can be dangerous
I can say that I like a challenge and you tell me it's painless
You don't know what pain is
How can I paint this picture
When the color blind is hanging with ya
Fell on my face and awoke with a scar
Another mistake living deep in my heart
Wear it on top of my sleeve in a flick
I can admit that it did look like yours
Why you resent every making of this
Tell me your purpose is petty again
But even a small lighter can burn a bridge
Even a small lighter can burn a bridge
I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people around me just want to be famous
You can see that my city found me then put me on stages
To me that's amazing
To you that's a quick check with all disrespect let me say this
I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me
Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink I got my music I will share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I'm trying to keep it alive and not compromise the feeling we love
You're trying to keep it deprived and only co-sign what radio does
And I'm looking right past ya
We live in a world we live in a world on two different axles
You live in a world you living behind the mirror
I know what you scared of the feeling of feeling emotions inferior
This shit is vital I know you had to
This shit is vital I know you had to
Die in a pitiful vain tell me a watch and a chain
Is way more believable give me a feasible gain
Rather a seasonal name I'll let the people know this is something you can blame
On yourself you can remain stuck in a box
I'mma break out and then hide every lock
I'mma break out and then hide every lock
I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people around me just want to be famous
You can see that my city found me then put me on stages
To me that's amazing
To you that's a quick check with all disrespect let me say this
I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me
Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink I got my music I will share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
You ain't heard the Coast like this in a long time
Don't you see that long line
And they waiting on Kendrick like the first and the fifteenth
Threes in the air I can see you are - in sync
Hide your feelings hide your feelings now what you better do
I'll take your girlfriend and put that pussy on a pedestal
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Walk out the door and they scream it's alive
My New Year's resolution is to stop all the pollution
Talk too motherfucking much I got my drink I got my music
I say bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Aye K-Dot get in the car nigga!
Come on we finna roll out!
Nigga lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Martin had a dream
Martin had a dream
Kendrick have a dream
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours
Goddamn I feel amazing damn I'm in the matrix
My mind is living on cloud nine and this 9 is never on vacation
Start up that Maserati and vroom-vroom I'm racing
Popping pills in the lobby and I pray they don't find her naked
And I pray you niggas is hating shooters go after Judas
Jesus Christ if I live life on my knees ain't no need to do this
Park it in front of Lueders next to that Church's Chicken
All you pussies is losers all my niggas is winners screaming
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours
Goddamn I got bitches damn I got bitches 
Damn I got bitches wifey girlfriend and mistress
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead showers
I've got twenty-five lighters on my dresser yes sir
Put fire to that ass body cast on a stretcher
And her body got that ass that a ruler couldn't measure
And it make me cum fast but I never get embarrassed
And I recognize you have what I've been wanting since that record
That Adina Howard had pop it fast to impress her
She rolling I'm holding my scrotum and posing
This voice here is golden so fuck y'all I goes in and
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours
Goddamn I got bitches damn I got bitches
Damn I got bitches wifey girlfriend and mistress
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or nigga it's go time
It's go time I roll in dough with a good grind
And I run at ho with a baton
That's a relay race with a bouquet
They say "K you going marry mines"
Beeotch no way beeotch no way beeotch no way beeotch okay
I'm never living life confined I can feel you even if I'm blind
I can tell ya who what when where how to sell your game right on time
Beeotch go play beeotch go play beeotch go play beeotch
I look like OJ killing everything from pussy to a mothafuckin' Hit-Boy beat
She pussy popping and I got options like an audible I be
C-O-M-P-T-O-N I win then ball at your defeat
C-O-M-P-T-O-N my city mobbing in the street yelling
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours
Goddamn I got bitches damn I got bitches
Damn I got bitches wifey girlfriend and mistress
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead showers
Let it run lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Everybody everybody everybody
Everybody sit your bitch ass down and listen
To this true mothafuckin' story told by Kendrick Lamar on Rosecrans
Ya bish
Smoking on the finest dope aye aye aye aye
Drank until I can't no more aye aye aye aye
Really I'm a sober soul but I'm with the homies right now
And we ain't asking for no favors
Rush a nigga quick then laugh about it later aye aye aye aye
Really I'm a peacemaker but I'm with the homies right now
And momma used to say
One day it's gon' burn you out
One day it's gon' burn you out out
One day it's gon' burn you out
One day it's gon' burn you
But I'm with the homies right now
Me and my niggas four deep in a white Toyota
A quarter tank of gas one pistol and orange soda
Janky stash box when the federales roll up
Basketball shorts with the Gonzales Park odor
We on the mission for bad bitches and trouble
I hope the universe love you today
ëCause the energy we bringing sure to carry away
A flock of positive activists and fill the body with hate
If itís necessary
Bumping Jeezy first album looking distracted
Speaking language only we know you think is an accent
The windows roll down all I see is a hand pass it
Hotboxing like George Foreman grilling the masses
Of the working world we pulled up on a bunch of working girls
And asked them what they working with ñ look at me
I got the blunt in my mouth
Usually Iím drug-free but shit Iím with the homies
(Yea nigga we off a pill and Remy Red
Come through and bust ya head nigga)
Me and the homies
Me and the homies
(I ride for my mothafuckiní niggas
Hop out do my stuff then hop back in)
Me and the homies
(Matter fact I hop out that mothafucka and be like
ìDoo! Doo! Doo! Doo!...Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo!î)
Itís 2:30 and the sun is beaming
Air conditioner broke and I hear my stomach screaming
Hungry for anything unhealthy and if nutrition can help me
Iíll tell you to suck my dick then I'll continue eating
We speeding on the 405 passing Westchester
You know the light skin girls in all the little dresses good Lord
They knew we werenít from ëround there
ëCause every time we down there we pulling out the Boost Mobile SIM cards
Bougie bitches with no extensions
Hood niggas with bad intentions the perfect combination
Before we sparked a conversation
We seen three niggas in colors we didnít like then started interrogating
I never was a gangbanger I mean I was never stranger to the folk neither
I really doubt it
Rush a nigga quick and then we laugh about it
Thatís ironic ëcause Iíve never been violent until Iím with the homies
(Just ridiní just ridiní)
Me and the homies
(Bullshittiní actiní a fool)
Me and the homies
(Trippiní really trippiní)
Me and the homies
(Just ridiní just ridiní just ridiní...)
Bragging ëbout the episode we just had
A shot of Hennessey didnít make me feel that bad
Iím usually a true firm believer of bad karma
Consequences from evil will make your past haunt you
We tryna conquer the city with disobedience
Quick to turn it up even if we ainít got the CD in
But Jeezy still playing and our attitude is still ìnigga what is you sayingî
Pull in front of the house that we been camping out for like two months
The sun is going down as we take whatever we want
(Ay ay nigga jackpot nigga pop the safe
Ay nigga I think it's somebody in this room
Wait what?
Nigga it's somebody in this room!)
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo
DVDs plasma screen TVs in the trunk
We made a right then made a left then made a right
Then made a left we was just circling life
My mama called ñ  ìKicking itî
I shouldíve told her Iím probably ëbout to catch my first offense with the homies
But they made a right they made a left then made a right
Then another right
One lucky night with the homies
K. Dot you faded hood?
Yea we finally got that nigga faded. I think he hit the wrong blunt though
Ooh which one?
Well which one he talking 'bout? I was finna hit the one with the shenanigans in it
I pray he ain't hit that
Nah that nigga straight. He ain't hit that one
Got the shenanigans? Give that nigga the shenanigans
Nigga I think we should push back to the city fo real doe Nigga for what?
What that nigga what's that Jeezy song say nigga?
Yea yea that shit right there. I'm tryna be the nigga in the street
There he go. Man you don't even know how the shit go
Look here's the plan luv. We gon' use the kickback as a alibi.
Wait 'til the sun go down roll out complete the mission drop K. Dot off at his mama van at the park
cause I know he trying to fuck on Sherane tonight
That's what heís not gon' do. Then we all gon' meet back at the block at about 10:30
That's straight but we should meet up around 12 I'm tryna fuck on something too
Nigga sit yo dumb ass back down nigga you ain't doing shit tonight
Matter fact lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Me and my niggas tryna get it ya bish
Hit the house lick tell me is you with it ya bish
Home invasion was persuasive
From nine to five I know it's vacant ya bish
Dreams of living life like rappers do
Back when condom wrappers wasn't cool
I fucked Sherane and went to tell my bros
Then Usher Raymond  came on
Hot sauce all in our Top Ramen ya bish
Park the car then we start rhyming ya bish
The only thing we had to free our mind
Then freeze that verse when we see dollar signs
You looking like a easy come-up ya bish
A silver spoon I know you come from ya bish
And that's a lifestyle that we never knew
Go at a reverend for the revenue
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison tell me what you do
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun forever)
And I been hustlin' all day
This a way that a way
Through canals and alleyways just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's just how I feel nah nah
A dollar might just fuck your main bitch
That's just how I feel nah
A dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with
That's just how I feel nah nah
A dollar might just make that lane switch
That's just how I feel nah
A dollar might turn to a million and we all rich
That's just how I feel
Dreams of living life like rappers do
Bump that new E-40 at the school
You know ìBig Ballin' With My Homiesî
Earl Stevens had us thinking rational
Back to reality we poor ya bish
Another casualty at war ya bish
Two bullets in my uncle Tony head
He said one day I'd be on tour ya bish
That Louies Burger never be the same
A Louis belt will never ease that pain
But I'mma purchase when that day is jerkin'
Pull off at Church's with Pirellis skirtin'
Gang signs out the window ya bish
Hoping all of 'em offend you ya bish
They say your hood is a pot of gold
And we gon' crash it when nobody's home
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison tell me what you do
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun forever)
And I been hustlin' all day
This a way that a way
Through canals and alleyways just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's just how I feel nah nah
A dollar might just fuck your main bitch
That's just how I feel nah
A dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with
That's just how I feel nah nah
A dollar might just make that lane switch
That's just how I feel nah
A dollar might turn to a million and we all rich that's just how I feel
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way
Love one of you bucket-headed hoes? No way
Hit the streets then we break the code? No way
Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way
Imagine Rock up in them projects where them niggas pick your pockets
Santa Claus don't miss them stockings
Liquor spilling pistols popping
Baking soda YOLA whipping
Ain't no turkey on Thanksgiving
My homeboy just domed a nigga
I just hope the Lord forgive him
Pots with cocaine residue
Every day I'm hustling
What else is a thug to do
When you eat cheese from the government
Gotta provide for my daughter n'em
Get the fuck up out my way bitch
Got that drum and I got them bands
Just like a parade bitch
Drop that work up in the bushes
Hope them boys don't see my stash
If they do tell the truth
This the last time you might see my ass
From the gardens where the grass ain't cut
Them serpents lurking blood
Bitches selling pussy niggas
Selling drugs but it's all good
Broken promises steal yo watch and tell you what time it is
Take your Js and tell you to kick it where a FootLocker is
In the streets with a heater under my Dungarees
Dreams of me getting shaded under a money tree
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison tell me what you do
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun forever)
And I been hustlin' all day
This a way that a way
Through canals and alleyways just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's just how I feel
 Kendrick just bring my car back man. I called in for another appointment. I figured you weren't gonna be back here on time anyways.
Look shit shit I just wanna get out the house man. This man on one he feeling good as a motherfucker.
Shit I'm tryna get my thing going too. Just bring my car back.
Shit he faded. He feeling good. Look listen to him!
 Girl girl I want your body I want your body 'cause of that big ol' fat ass. Girl girl I want your body I want your body 'cause of that big ol' fat ass.
 See he high as hell. Shit lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Every second every minute man I swear that she can get it
Say if you a bad bitch put your hands up high hands up high hands up high
Tell 'em dim the lights down right now put me in the mood
I'm talking 'bout dark room perfume go go
I recognize your fragrance hold up you ain't never gotta say shit uh
And I know your taste is a little bit hmm high maintenance uh
Everybody else basic you live life on an everyday basis
With poetic justice poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room would you trust it?
I mean I write poems in these songs dedicated to you when
You're in the mood for empathy there's blood in my pen
Better yet where your friends and 'em? I really wanna know you all
I really wanna show you off fuck that
Pour up plenty of champagne cold nights when you curse this name
You called up your girlfriends and y'all curled in that little bitty Range I heard that
She wanna go and party she wanna go and party
Nigga don't approach her with that Atari nigga that ain't good game homie sorry
They say conversation rule a nation I can tell
But I could never right my wrongs 'less I write it down for real P.S
You can get it you can get it
You can get it you can get it
And I know just know just know just know just know just what you want
Poetic justice put it in a song
You can get it you can get it
You can get it you can get it
And I know just know just know just know just know just what you want
Poetic justice put it in a song
I really hope you play this 'cause ol' girl you test my patience
With all these seductive photographs and all these one off vacations
You've been taking clearly a lot for me to take in it don't make sense
Young East African girl you too busy fucking with your other man
I was tryna put you on game put you on a plane
Take you and your momma to the motherland I could do it
Maybe one day when you figure out you're gonna need someone
When you figure out it's alright here in the city and you don't run from where we come from
That sound like poetic justice poetic justice
You were so new to this life but Goddamn you got adjusted
I mean I write poems in these songs dedicated to the fun sex
Your natural hair and your soft skin and your big ass in that sundress ooh
Good God what you doing that walk for?
When I see that thing move I just wish we would fight less and we would talk more
And they say communication save relations I can tell
But I can never right my wrongs unless I write 'em down for real P.S
You can get it you can get it
You can get it you can get it
And I know just know just know just know just know just what you want
Poetic justice put it in a song
You can get it you can get it
You can get it you can get it
And I know just know just know just know just know just what you want
Poetic justice put it in a song
Every time I write these words they become a taboo
Making sure my punctuation curve every letter here's true
Living my life in the margin and that metaphor was proof
I'm talking poetic justice poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room would you trust it?
I mean you need to hear this love is not just a verb
It's you looking in the mirror love is not just a verb
It's you looking for it maybe call me crazy we can both be insane
A fatal attraction is common and what we have common is pain
I mean you need to hear this love is not just a verb
And I can see power steering sex drive when you swerve
I want that interference it's coherent I can hear it uh-huh
That's your heartbeat it either caught me or it called me uh-huh
Read slow and you'll find gold mines in these lines
Sincerely yours truly and right before you go blind P.S
You can get it you can get it
You can get it you can get it
And I know just know just know just know just know just what you want
Poetic justice put it in a song
You can get it you can get it
You can get it you can get it
And I know just know just know just know just know just what you want
Poetic justice put it in a song
"I'm gon' ask you one more time homie where is you from? Or it is a problem"
"Yo I don't care who this nigga over here for if he don't tell where he come it's a wrap! I'm sorry"
"Hol' up hol' up hol' up we gon' do it like this OK? I'mma tell you where I'm from OK? You gon' tell me where you from OK? Or where your Grandma stay where your mama stay or where your daddy stay OK?"
"Matter of fact lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Mass hallucination baby
Ill education baby
Want to reconnect with your relations
This is your station baby
Look inside these walls and you see them having withdrawals
Of a prisoner on his way
Trapped inside your desire
To fire bullets that stray
Track a tire just tell you I'm tired and ran away
I should ask a choir what do you require
To sing a song that acquire me to have faith
As the record spin I should pray
For the record I recognize that I'm easily prey
I got ate alive yesterday
I got animosity building
It's probably big as a building
Me jumping off of the roof
Is just me playing it safe
But what am I supposed to do
When the topic is red or blue
And you understand that I ain't
But know I'm accustomed to
Just a couple that look for trouble
And live in the street with rank
No better picture to paint than me walking from bible study
And called his homies because he had said he noticed my face
From a function that tooken place
They was wondering if I bang
Step on my neck and get blood on your Nike checks
I don't mind because one day you respect
The good kid m.A.A.d. city
All I see is strobe lights
Blinding me in my hindsight
Finding me by myself
Promise me you can help
In all honesty I got time to be copacetic
And finally made decision to hold me against my will
It was like a head on collision that folded me standing still
I can never pick out the difference
? or cop on the bill
Every time you clock in the morning
I feel you just want to kill
All my innocence while ignoring my purpose
To persevere as a better person
I know you heard this and probably in fear
But what am I supposed to do
With the blinking of red and blue
Flash from the top of your roof
And your dog has to say proof
And you ask 
Cause you wonder if a tattoo
Of affiliation can make it a pleasure to put me through
Gang files but that don't matter because the matter is racial profile
I heard them chatter: 
Step on his neck as hard as your bullet proof vest
He don't mind he know we never respect
The good kid m.A.A.d. city
All I see in this room
20 Xanies and these 'shrooms
Grown-up candy for pain
Can we live in the same society
It's entirely stressful upon my brain
You hired me as a victim
I quietly hope for change
When violence is the rhythm
Inspired me to obtain
The silence in this room
With 20 Xanies and 'shrooms
Some grown-up candy I lost it
I feel it's nothing to lose
The streets sure to release the worst side of my best
Don't mind cause now you ever in debt
To good kid lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street I hear
YAWK! YAWK! YAWK! YAWK!
"Man down where you from nigga?"
"Fuck who you know! Where you from my nigga?"
"Where your grandma stay huh my nigga?"
"This m.A.A.d city I run my nigga"
Brace yourself I'll take you on a trip down memory lane
This is not a rap on how I'm slingin' crack or move cocaine
This is cul-de-sac and plenty Cognac and major pain
Not the drill sergeant but the stress that weighin' on your brain
It was me L Boog and Yan Yan YG Lucky ride down Rosecrans
It got ugly wavin' yo' hand out the window ñ check yourself!
Uh Warriors and Conans Hope euphoria can slow dance
With society the driver seat the first one to get killed
Seen a light-skinned nigga with his brains blown out
At the same burger stand where *beep* hang out
Now this is not a tape recorder sayin' that he did it
But ever since that day I was lookin' at him different
That was back when I was nine Joey packed the nine
Pakistan on every porch is fine we adapt to crime
Pack a van with four guns at a time
With the sliding door fuck is up?
Fuck you shootin' for if you ain't walkin' up you fuckin' punk?
Pickin' up the fuckin' pump pickin' off you suckers
Suck a dick or die or sucker punch
A wall of bullets comin' from AK's AR's "Ayy y'all duck!"
That's what Momma said when we was eatin' the free lunch
Aw man goddamn all hell broke loose
You killed my cousin back in '94 fuck yo' truce!
Now crawl your head in that noose
You wind up dead on the news
Ain't no peace treaty just pieces BG's up to pre-approve
Bodies on top of bodies IV's on top of IV's
Obviously the coroner between the sheets like the Isleys
When you hop on that trolley make sure your colors correct
Make sure you're corporate or they'll be callin' your mother collect
They say the governor collect all of our taxes except
When we in traffic and tragic happens that shit ain't no threat
You movin' backwards if you suggest that you sleep with a TEC
Go buy a chopper and have a doctor on speed dial I guess
M.A.A.d city
"Man down where you from nigga?"
"Fuck who you know! Where you from my nigga?"
"Where your grandma stay huh my nigga?"
"This m.A.A.d city I run my nigga"
If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street I hearó
YAWK! YAWK! YAWK!
Wake yo' punk-ass up!
It ain't nothin' but a Compton thang
G-yeah real simple and plain
Let me teach you some lessons about the street
(Smoke somethin' nigga!)
Hood ('Sup Cuz?)
It ain't nothin' but a Compton thang
G-yeah how we do
Fresh outta school 'cause I was a high school grad
Sleepin' in the living room of my momma's pad
Reality struck I seen the white car crash
Hit the light pole two niggas hopped out on foot and dashed
My pops said I needed a job I thought I believed him
Security guard for a month and ended up leavin'
In fact I got fired 'cause I was inspired by all of my friends
To stage a robbery the third Saturday I clocked in
Projects tore up gang signs get thrown up
Cocaine laced in marijuana
And they wonder why I rarely smoke now
Imagine if your first blunt had you foamin' at the mouth
I was straight tweakin' the next weekend we broke even
I made allegiance that made a promise to see you bleedin'
You know the reasons but still will never know my life
Kendrick a.k.a. 
G-yeah cocaine weed
Niggas been mixin' shit since the '80s loc
Sherm sticks butt-nakeds
Dip make a nigga flip
Cluck heads all up and down the block and shit
One time's crooked and shit
Block a nigga in
Alondra Rosecrans Bullis it's Compton
I'm still in the hood loc yeah that's cool
Shit the hood took me under so I follow the rules
But yeah that's like me I grew up in the hood where they bang
And niggas that rep colors is doin' the same thang
Pass it to the left so I can smoke on me
A couple drive-by's in the hood lately
Couple of IV's with the fuckin' spray-can
Shots in the crowd then everybody ran
Crew I'm finna slay the street life I crave
Shots hit the enemy hearts turn brave
Mount up regulators in the whip
Down the boulevard with the pistol grip
Trip we in the hood still
So loc grab a strap 'cause yeah it's so real
Deal with the outcome a strap in the hand
And a bird and ten grand's where a mothafucka stand
If I told you I killed a nigga at sixteen would you believe me?
Or see me to be innocent Kendrick you seen in the street
With a basketball and some Now and Laters to eat?
If I mentioned all of my skeletons would you jump in the seat?
Would you say my intelligence now is great relief?
And it's safe to say that our next generation maybe can sleep
With dreams of bein' a lawyer or doctor
Instead of boy with a chopper that hold the cul-de-sac hostage
Kill 'em all if they gossip
The Children of the Corn they vandalizin' the option
Of livin' a lie drown their body with toxins
Constantly drinkin' and drive
Hit the powder then watch this flame that arrive in his eye
Listen coward the concept is aim and then bang it and slide
Out that bitch with deposit a price on his head the tithes
Probably go to the projects I
Live inside the belly of the rough Compton USA
Made Me an Angel on Angel Dust what!
M.A.A.d city
Compton
Nigga pass Dot the bottle damn!
You ain't the one that got fucked up
What you holdin' it for?
Niggas always actin' unsensitive and shit
Nigga that ain't no word
Nigga shut up!
Hey Dot you good lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Pour up  head shot 
Sit down  stand up 
Pass out  wake up 
Faded  faded 
Now I done grew up 'round some people living their life in bottles
Granddaddy had the golden flask
Back stroke every day in Chicago
Some people like the way it feels
Some people wanna kill their sorrows
Some people wanna fit in with the popular
That was my problem
I was in a dark room
Loud tunes looking to make a vow soon
That I'mma get fucked up fillin' up my cup
I see the crowd mood
Changing by the minute and the record on repeat
Took a sip then another sip then somebody said to me
Nigga why you babysittin' only 2 or 3 shots?
I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'mma dive in it
Pour up  head shot 
Sit down  stand up 
Pass out  wake up 
Faded  faded 
Okay now open your mind up and listen me Kendrick
I am your conscience if you do not hear me
Then you will be history Kendrick
I know that you're nauseous right now
And I'm hopin' to lead you to victory Kendrick
If I take another one down
I'mma drown in some poison abusin' my limit
I think that I'm feelin' the vibe
I see the love in her eyes I see the feelin'
The freedom is granted as soon as the damage of vodka arrived
This how you capitalize
This is parental advice
Then apparently I'm over-influenced by what you are doin'
I thought I was doin' the most 'til someone said to me
Nigga why you babysittin' only 2 or 3 shots?
I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'mma dive in it
Pour up  head shot 
Sit down  stand up 
Pass out  wake up 
Faded  faded 
I ride you ride bang
One chopper one hundred shots bang
Hop out. Do you bang
Two chopper two hundred shots bang
I ride you ride bang
One chopper one hundred shots bang
Hop out. Do you bang
Two chopper two hundred shots bang
Nigga why you babysittin' only 2 or 3 shots?
I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'mma dive in it
Pour up  head shot 
Sit down  stand up 
Pass out  wake up 
Faded "Sing About Me I'm Dying Of Thirst" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Sing About Me I'm Dying Of Thirst"
When the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I woke up this morning and figured I'd call you
In case I'm not here tomorrow
I'm hoping that I can borrow a piece of mind
I'm behind on what's really important
My mind is really distorted
I find nothing but trouble in my life
I'm fortunate you believe in a dream
This orphanage we call a ghetto is quite a routine
And last night was just another distraction
Or a reaction of what we consider madness
I know exactly what happened
You ran outside when you heard my brother cry for help
Held him like a newborn baby and made him feel
Like everything was alright
And a fight he tried to put up but the type
Of bullet that stuck had went against his will
As blood spilled on your hands
My plans rather vindictive
Everybody's a victim in my eyes
When I ride it's a murderous rhythm
And outside became pitch black
A demon glued to my back whispering 
I got em and I ain't give a fuck
That same mentality I told my brother not to duck
In actuality it's a trip how we trip off of colors
I wonder if I'll ever discover
A passion like you and recover
The life that I knew as a young'n
In pajamas and Dun-ta-duns
When thunder comes it rains cats and dogs
Dumb niggas like me never prosper
Prognosis of a problem child
I'm proud and well devoted
This piru shit been in me forever
So forever I'm a push it wherever whenever
And I love you cause you love my brother like you did
Just promise me you'll tell this story when you make it big
And if I die before your album drop I hope -
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
You wrote a song about my sister on your tape
And called it section.80 the message resemble Brenda's Got a Baby
What's crazy was I was hearin about it
But doubted your ignorance how could you ever
Just put her on blast and shit
Judging her past and shit
Well it's completely my future
A nigga behind me right now asking for ass and shit
And I'm a need that 40 dollars even if I gotta
Fuck suck and swallow in the parking lot
Gonzales Park I'm followed by a married man a father of three
My titties bounce on the cadence of his tingling keys
Matter of fact he my favorite cause he tip me with E's
He got a cousin named David and I seen him last week
This is the life of another girl damaged by the system
These foster homes I run away and never do miss em
See my hormones just run away and if I can get em back
To where they used to be then I'll probably be in the denim
Of a family gene that show women how to be woman or better yet a leader
You need her to learn something then you probably need to beat her
That's how I was taught
Three niggas in one room first time I was tossed
And I'm exhausted
But fuck that 
My sister died in vain but what point are you trying to gain
If you can't fit the pumps I walk in?
I'll wait
Your rebuttal a little too late
And if you have a album date just make sure I'm not in the song
Cause I don't need the attention bring enough of that on my own
And matter fact did I mention that I physically feel great?
A doctor's approval is a waste of time I know I'm straight
I'll probably live longer than you and never fade away
I'll never fade away I'll never fade away
I know my fate and I'm on the grind for this cake
I'm a get or die trying I'm eyeing every male gender with intentions of buying
You lying to these motherfuckers talking about you can help with my story
You can help me if you sell this pussy for me nigga
Don't ignore me nigga fuck your glory nigga this bullshit...
When the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
Sometimes I look in a mirror and ask myself
Am I really scared of passing away
If it's today I hope I hear a
Cry out from heaven so loud it can water down a demon
With the holy ghost till it drown in the blood of Jesus
I wrote some raps that make sure that my lifeline
Rake in the cent of a reaper ensuring that my allegiance
With the other side may come soon
And if I'm doomed may the wound
Help me mother be blessed for many moons
I suffer a lot
And every day the glass mirror get tougher to watch
I tie my stomach in knots
And I'm sure not why I'm infatuated with death
My imagination is surely an aggravation of threats
That can come about
Cause the tongue is mighty powerful
And I can name a list of your favorites that probably vouch
Maybe cause I'm dreamer and sleep is the cousin of death
Really stuck in the scheme of wondering when I'm a rest
And you're right your brother was a brother to me
And your sister's situation was the one that put me
In a direction to speak of something that's realer than the TV screen
By any means wasn't trying to offend or come between
Her personal life I was like "it need to be told
Cursing the life of 20 generations after her soul"
Exactly would have happened if I hadn't continued rappin
Or steady being distracted by money drugs and four
Fives I count lives all on these songs
Look at the weak and cry pray one day you'll be strong
Fighting for your rights even when you're wrong
And hope that at least one of you sing about me when I'm gone
Now am I worth it?
Did I put enough work in?
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
Tired of running
Tired of hunting
My own kind
But retiring nothing
Tires are steady screeching the driver is rubbing
Hands on the wheel who said we wasn't?
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst
Dope on the corner
Look at the coroner
Daughter is dead
Mother is mourning her
Strayed bullets AK bullets
Resuscitation was waiting patiently
But they couldn't bring her back
Who got the footage? channel 9
Cameras looking it's hard to channel your energy
When you know you're crooked
Banana clip split his banana pudding
I'm like Tre that's Cuba Gooding
I know I'm good at
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst
How many sins?
I'm running out
How many sins?
I lost count
Dreams of ballin like Spalding
But only shotty bounce
The reaper calling
I'm cottonmouth
Money is power yours is ours
Lay with a snitch die with a coward
Hope we get rich hope we can tower
Over the city with vanity with the music louder
The same song
A black flower
I'll show you how to
Dye your thirst
Dye your thirst
Dye your thirst
What are we doing?
Who are we fooling?
Hell is hot fire is proven
To burn for eternity return of the student
That never learned how to live righteous but how to shoot it
Tired of running choirs is humming
Tell us to visit we lying about coming
Now back to business loading the guns in
Back of the Buick your hood is feuding
And the beef is bubbling
It's no discussion hereditary
All of my cousins
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst
Too many sins
I'm running out
Somebody send
Me a well for the drought
See all I know is taking notes
On taking this life for granted
Granted if he provoke
My best days I stress days 
My best days I stress days
Say "Fuck the world " my sex slave
Money pussy and greed what's my next crave
Whatever it is know it's my next grave
Tired of running tired of running
I'm tired of tumbling tired of running
I'm tired of tumbling
Backwards my mama say
"See a pastor give me a promise
What if today was the rapture and you completely tarnished
The truth will set you free so to me be completely honest
You dying of thirst
You dying of thirst
So hop in that water lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say
When I feel and I...
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air
I'm proud to say yea
I'm real I'm real I'm really really real 
I promise that I know you very well
Your eyes never lie even if they tell
Sweet lullabies that come with a smell
Of a dozen roses flippin' down the green hill
You living in a world that come with plan B
Cause plan A never relay a guarantee
And plan C never could say just what it was
And your plans only can pan around love
You love him you love them you love her
You love so much you love when love hurts
You love red-bottom and gold they say queen
You love hand-bag on the waist of your jean
You love french tip and trip that pay for
You love bank slip that tell you we paid more
You love a good hand whenever the card dealt
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself
I promise that I know you very well
Your eyes never lie even if they fell
Out the sky and your optics? turn stale
Where they mow that's green
I can see you fit the bill
Of living in a world that come with Plan B
Cause Plan A only can make another mistake
And you can't see success coming from plan C
When it all breaks you you still say you love me
And love them and love when you love her
You love so much you love when love hurts
You love fast cars and their present is old
You love fast women
You love keepin' control
Of everything you love you love beef
You love streets you love runnin' duckin' police
You love your hood might even love it to death
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself?
The reason why I know you very well
Cause we have the same eyes can't you tell
The days I tried to cover up and conceal
My pride it only made it harder for me to deal
When living in a world that come with plan B
A scapegoat cause plan A don't come for free
And plan C just an excuse like because
Or the word  but what if I got love
I love them I love when I love her
I love so much I love when love hurts
I love first verse cause you're the girl I attract
I love second verse cause your the homie they packed
Burning like a stove top they love cooking from scratch
I love what the both of you have to offer
In fact I love it so much
I don't love anything else
But what love got to do with it when I don't love myself
To the point I should hate everything I do love
Should I hate living my life inside the club
Should I hate her for watching me for that reason
Should I hate him for telling me that I'm season
Should I hate them for telling me ball out
Should I hate street credibility I'm talkin' about
Hatin' all money power respect in my will
I'm hatin' the fact that none of that shit make me real
"... I ain't trippin' off that Dominos anymore just calling sorry to hear what happen to your homeboy but don't learn the hard way like I did homieAny nigga can kill a man that don't make you a real niggaRealness is responsibility realness is taking care of your motherfucking family realness is god nigga"
"Alright that's all I wanted to tell you just make sure you call us back when you get this message. Here go your mom."
"Boy you better have my jawn on full all this time you done had my damn car but look I ain't tripping. Look the neighbors say they seen you and your little friends over there by the food for less and they was preaching to you over there telling you about the good book because right about now that's what ya'll need. Oh and Top Dawg called the house too. I guess they want you and Dave to come to the studio. But look you take this music business serious and put out something me and your dad can step to. Shit you know we from Chicago you know that's what we do."
Sing my song it's all for you 
"If I don't hear from you by tomorrow... I hope you come back and learn from your mistakes. Come back a man tell your story to these black and brown kids in Compton. Let 'em know you was just like them but you still rose from that dark place of violence becoming a positive person. But when you do make it give back with your words of encouragement and that's the best way to give back. To your city... And I love you Kendrick if I don't hear you knocking on the door you know where I usually leave the key. Alright? talk to you later lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Now everybody serenade the new fate of Kendrick Lamar
This is King Kendrick Lamar
King Kendrick and I meant it
My point intended is raw
Fix your lenses forensics woulda told you Kendrick got killed and pretend its a massacre
And the masses upon us
And I master being the the master at dodging your honour
And the chapter that read at 25 I will live dormant like 5 in the morning
Then raid your spot while Kendrickís performing
And if they take everything know I gotÖ
Compton Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine
Still Iím at it peel the plastic off it
You could feel the magic
Still Iím laughing at the critics talking
I can see ëem gagging when Iím back in the back of my city
Back in the back with a batch Iím banging Dre Beats with me
Look where Iím at itís the murder capí
And Iím captain at birth of this gangsta rap
Itís a wrap when Iím done
And Iíve come a long way from a hundred dollars a month
To a hundred mill in a day
Bitch Iím from..
Compton Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine
So come and visit the tires screeching
Ambulance policeman
Wonít you spend a weekend on Rosecrans nigga
Khaki crease and crime increasing on Rosecrans nigga
Kendrick Conan nigga
Where your sword at?
Hand on the cross and swore that
I do it big itís Rasputia for you shooters
Kama sutra screaming fuck your position and make you hold that
Iím trying to stay grounded like four flats
But I know Flex and piru crip tatts
They swarm on me like a beehive hoop in the G ride
From the west to the east side
Know just how Compton roll
And thatís a given
I pass the blunt then pass the torch
Of course itís my decision
I crashed the ports that you report
That you see me in Benzes
I must report that we import them narcotics
You bought it then talked about it when crack hit the speakers
The music business
I blow up every time we throw up a record depending on what you expected
Iím sure itís bigger than your religion
Perfected by niggas that manifested music to live in
Compton compton
Ain't no city quite like mine
So tell that gangsta throw his set high
Roll it up in a blunt Iímma take you on that next high
I did exactly what I wanted thatís what made them checks flyÖ
In my direction you never question when I said IÖ
Will be a mogul before I visit Tupac and Left Eye
Eazy and Aaliyah when I see ya we gon test drive
A Lambo in heaven but for now Iím on a red eye
Flying back to my city cause I forever stand byÖ
Compton Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine
Now we can all celebrate we can all harvest the rap artist of NWA
America target a rap market itís controversy and hate
Harsh realities we in made our music translate
To the coke dealers the hood rich and the broke niggas that play
With them gorillas that know killers that know where you stay
Roll that kush crack that case 10 bottles of Rose
This was brought to you by Dre
Now every muthafucka in here say
Look who responsible for taking Compton international
I make ëem holla oooooooh
Eh yo Just Blaze good looking homie
(Just Blaze lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Smoking weed with you...
Cause you taught me into...
Every morning when I wake up
Uh money on my mind
Good times and get caked up
Sunshine coming through my blinds I'm living but
Really though it's never enough
10 million that's a must
Living in California everybody wanna visit for...
Women weed and weather
They come for
Women weed and weather
For the women weed and weather
From all around the world for the
Women weed and weather
Women weed and weather
These niggas'll kill for that
Put it in your grill for that
Still everybody gotta build for that
Me I make mills off that
How the fuck ya'll can't see I ride
When I drive down the block and you look outside
H-A-T-E in your eyes
I enter big money for the enterprise
It's a beautiful day I guess
For a bitch to roll with Andre I guess
Roll it up baby gonna lift that dress
Then roll it up for me when I'm stressed
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss
New Orleans and then Miami
Party in New York
Texas I be screwed up chi town I be really pimpin'
But nothing like my hometown I'm forever living
Women weed and weather
They come for
Women weed and weather
For the women weed and weather
From all around the world for the
Women weed and weather
Got that women weed and weather
Yo it sound clever come and play
Wha-Wha-what more can I say
Welcome to LA
My nigga said he wanna fly out to get him some
3W's only for a three day run
Bitch take the motherfacking panties off you ain't no nun shit
I be living in the sky every time I ride by them hoes
Ribbon in the sky on the radio cause Stevie know I control
Let it breath
I control California living til I am old
You want to be one to peak on the chart
So the peons can be gone and pee on their hearts
She in the coupe cause she in the neon
Cause she on the BS before we can start
Fuck with a nigga ride with a nigga
Let 'em know the priority order me
Hennessy and for my niggas OG Killa
Call it Jason Vorhees boy he
On his job boy he sure be havin' them marks on they marks
Pretty bitches and tyre marks
Let 'em inhale the pipe exhausts
Let 'em reveal how much it cost
For this life controlling my price
No way hell no uh uh
If I'm wrong than I wanna be right
You want to be one to peak on the chart
So the peons can be gone and pee on their hearts
Women weed weather it's not my fault that it's 82 degrees
And my top peeled off
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss
New Orleans and then Miami
Party in New York
Texas I be screwed up chi town I be really pimpin'
But nothing like my hometown I'm forever living
Known for that homegrown where I come from
Smoke one palm trees
Double D's got 'em topless in the sun
I shall proceed that's me motherfuck your opinion
How many ways am I killin' 'em
Shit right around a billion
We on it that mean we living for the moment
That mean she'll fuck til the morning
Time and I got time and I know that I'm in a position of controlling anything
I buy that ocean I'm a boss I'll buy that ocean
Ain't nobody fucking with this
They want that shit they often fiend
I give it to 'em but in between my time
I gotta tie shoestrings
Life's a trip when you want these things
I often slip and then I lean towards 3 W's and life
You know blow job need an application
Eating pussy make appetite
And yeah my type I like 'em brown
Just like my drink the fuck you think
I don't fuck with' no hand me downs
See if you fuck than it's after me
You know how much I'm a make it work?
You know her dress living in her purse
When you discussed your love for lust
Just make sure you visit here first
Cali
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss
New Orleans and then Miami
Party in New York
Texas I be screwed up lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
So I'm saying 
So I'm saying 
So I'm saying 
So I'm saying 
So I'm saying 
Frustrated and I'm riding down the back streets
Making my conscious ask me
Black boy fly
Black boy fly
Black-black boy fly
Black boy fly
I used to be jealous of Aaron Afflalo
I used to be jealous of Aaron Afflalo
He was the one to follow
He was the only leader foreseeing brighter tomorrows
He would live in the gym
We was living in sorrow
Total envy of him
He made a dream become a reality
Actually making it possible to swim
His way out of Compton with further more to accomplish
Graduate with honors a sponsor of basketball scholars
It's 2004 and I'm watching him score 30
Remember vividly how them victory points had hurt me
Cause every basket was a reaction or a reminder
That we was just moving backwards
The bungalow where you find us
The art of us ditching classes heading nowhere fast
Stick my head inside the study hall he focused on math
Determination ambition plus dedication and wisdom
Qualities he was given was the shit we didn't have
Dug inside of his book bag and Coach Palmer asked for his finals
He had his back like a spinal meanwhile
We singing the same old song spinning the vinyl
11 graders gone wrong
He focused on the NBA we focused on some Patron
Now watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly
Watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly
Watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly
Watch that black boy fly
Black boy...
I used to jealous of Jayceon
I used to jealous of Jayceon - Taylor when I was young
Taylor made a career out of music from writing songs
A Buick had driven past bumping him when I mowed the lawn
Money laundering hustling homies pondering up against
Schemes to make a million even if doing you harm
War's the case and just in case you wasn't alarmed
The city had fought with firearms and many had died before dawn
Its 2004 and I'm hearing the people roar
For the name of The Game they line in front of the store
Swap meets selling our mixtapes I'm like oh shit wait
Don't wanna be another nigga stuck regretting mistakes
Mixed feelings was my opinion I was defending my insecurities
Chillin my conscience next to a villain
Compton made you believe success wasn't real
Be honest none of us knew of a record deal
So as I peel through these lottery tickets
I see a Harley Davidson truck visit the same plaza we shopped
A tall nigga hopped out with Jordans and a white tank top
He was top of the rap game we was the top of the block
So watch that black boy fly
My mama didn't raise me up to be jealous-hearted
Like most of the winners call it
Regardless of where you stay hold your head and continue marching
That's what she said but in my head I wanted to be like Jordan
A Boy touring the country with money from mic recording
The only way out the ghetto you know the stereotype
Shooting hoops or live on the stereo like top 40
And shortly I got discouraged
Like every time I walked to the corner had them guns bursting
Nigga I was rehearsing in repetition the phrase
Only one in a million will ever see better days
Especially when the crime waves was bigger than tsunamis
Break your boogie boards to pieces you just a typical homy
All these niggas facetious and they all standing beside me
They all will buy me a chopper if any one of you try me
What am I to do when every neighborhood is an obstacle
When 2 niggas making it out had never sounded logical
3 niggas making it out that's mission impossible
So I never believed the type of performance that I could do
I wasn't jealous cuz of the talents they got
I was terrified they'll be the last black boys to fly...
Out of Compton
Thank God...
Black boy fly lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
We on?
Aight
1 2 3 go!
Waking up in a dream
Sleepwalking on another big stage
You never heard peace 'til you hear people scream
Your name and your song I'm so far away
From the place I used to be struggling usually
Look at the newer me fate pursuing me
I can feel the energy in the air
It feel like I'm supposed to be here
Everywhere I go I'm getting so much love
Fans the stars everyone
Sayin how they can't wait for the LP
And I'm gonna blow
They believe in me
Feel so good in what you do
Helps somebody else get through
That's why I do the best I can
Because I know how blessed I am
I'm so high I can touch the sky
I know it's my time
And it's now or never
Shine so bright I light the night
And it feels so right ain't nothing better
A fool if I take it all for granted
A smart man if I keep my feet planted
To the earth cause the people that hurt can understand it
You speakin' outlandish
I'm a show you how to make it all work
Another plan it a short term goal for me
A record sold for me
It's just more of me in your ear
For you to hear Kendrick persevere
Defenses I feel relentless
Ambition with a clear vision
Takin' off I ain't takin off these Pistons
I'm takin' off on the inner me - you're distance
Came across me how much it'a cost me
To get you out my business
I set a plan it's a short term goal no sky is the limit
I'm past that now pass that
Award not one but four
Times two plus yours
I see myself performing there 
Sold out shows where the room is packed
Sitting at the Grammy's winning five awards
See myself on big billboards
Traveling around the world with endorsement deals
Can't imagine how it feels
That's why I'm smiling everyday
Because my dream ain't far away
I'm so high I can touch the sky
I know it's my time
And it's now or never
Shine so bright I light the night
And it feels so right ain't nothing better
You looking at me and you tell me I'm blessed
Calculated my steps my heart my breath
Breathe hums? of a victory and vividly
You see me when at my best my worst
This verse dedicated to the days that I slept
With a curse research my paid dues I'm reimbursed
I burst in the crowd with a voice and crown
I'm a King on the prowl and I see mama smile?
And I vow on the tape that I'll never break
You can break bread with me now
We can all take a bow on the edge of the pedestal
Then scream out loud that we made it off the avenue
And walked that mile
In the darkness I often sit back
And get lost in the rap that I wrote
When you told me that it spoke to your soul
I was talking to you
I was walking it through every ghetto
Tell success hello
We here
And I'm so happy I cry
Cause I can't believe
All the things I ever wanted
Are finally happening for me
And it's so surreal
That I almost feel
That any minute I can wake up
From this fantasy
When you pray so hard
And you've come so far
And you know that it's the time for you lift your bar
And I'm gonna do it
Watch me!
I'm so high I can touch the sky
I know it's my time
And it's now or never
Shine so bright I light the night
And it feels so right lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Look at all the bullshit I been through
If I take you home will you tell the truth
Look at all the bullshit I been through
If I take you home will you tell the truth
Momma take this mothafuckin' block off
Tryna reach you everyday collect calls
Never get through and I go through with drawls
Say who told you that I wanted this the
I just wanted to vent or
Ask you if you give me your rent for
A attorney I can pay you back more
Soon as I get out yea every record shows
Commissary running low I need help
Not too much I hustle up the rest myself
K Dot wrote me saying Marcus got killed
If you knew me then you know how bad I feel
Wish you prove me wrong and never came to visit
And I heard she fucking on some other nigga
And my niggas left in the dark blind
Mama kiss the back of me this last time
Men lie Women lie
Men lie Women lie
Men lie Women lie
Men lie Women lie
Look at all the bullshit I been through
If I take you home will you tell the truth
Look at all the bullshit I been through
If I take you home will you tell the truth
Mama take this motherfucking block off
Thats the date the state will take the blocks off
Pulled up and they put me in them cop cars
Please believe me This ain't easy by far
You forgot you're talking to your only son
Remember when you put me in that relay run
I was racing chasing dreams to be the best
You had told me that the very day I won
All I need is you to give me some support
Investigation saying that the same report
From a witness just might testify in court
DA say I take a deal or take a loss
I ain't built for all them god damn numbers
God's will say a prayer for me mama
If you can't then open up the phone lines
Mama just get back at me this last time
Now I tell if I stress take the block off
That's the day the state had take them locks off
I could only help but do so much
Bettering yourself your own crutch
Look at your reflection tell me who you see
Who is your protection G-O-D
No its not neglection I have just accepted
Your fate and what its gon' be
Remember all the nights that I cried
Thinking that my only son just died
Peeking through the window Kicking through the door
It's you they looking for Raid outside
Rather see you locked up than dead
Only you would say that I'm selfish
So before I take the stand and put this bible in my hand
Son lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Greetings boys and girls
My name is Petey P. 
Kendrick's childhood imaginary friend (that's right that's right that's right)
I am your neighbor 
And I'd like to welcome you to good kid m.A.A.d city (good kid m.A.A.d city)
So grab your cartoons and cereal 
Your pop guns  and fireworks and sing along
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane blow it like Coltrane yeah
(Sing along kids sing along)
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane blow it like Coltrane yeah
(Kendrick you remember that one time when we was...)
I've been waiting on this day since Dr. Dre and Pac
Was on Rosecrans in that burger stand at 95
People staring at 'em in amazement
Reservations at the Days Inn
we was living out a hotel at the time
Breakfast lunch and dinner chicken from Kentucky Fried
Mama babysitting Section 8 vouchers to move
With nothing else to lose but a burger flippin' job
Close my eyes inside the swap meet and imagine this a mansion
Gold ballroom AK-47 dancing
Howling at the moon was a pack of hungry babies
Hope you feed 'em soon bite your back you die of rabies
Everyday we pray to eat at the table of Sizzlers
But never made that visit if better days was on its way
Then it made the decision to make the wrong turn
So for now we heat this skillet so this canned food can burn
(Oh yeah I remember that it was the ravioli with the hot sauce in it right?)
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million 
Spend it all in front of the county building 
Blow it like Coltrane blow it like Coltrane yeah
(Don't forget to sing along by the way sing along)
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane blow it like Coltrane yeah
And all the ghetto children in the world say that's my car
All the ghetto boys say that's my car
All the ghetto girls say that's my car
When we grow up when we grow up
Ghetto children in the world say that's my car
All the ghetto boys say that's my car
All the ghetto girls say that's my car
When we grow up when we grow up
Couple stolen T.V.'s and a seat belt for my safety 
Played the passenger I think it's five years after eighty-
seven do the math ' 92 don't you be lazy 
Looking out the window notice all the essentials
of a block party that stop for a second then it rekindle
Like a flame from a trick candle everybody got dental
Insurance 'cause we 'bout to floss
you get that couch I sent you?
I heard that from a block away probably had credentials
of a scholar but shit not today
them Dayton spokes was his to take
Refrigerators barbecue pits and Jordan kicks
They did invasions while helicopters recorded it
Hello Mi-Mister Miyagi I want them ten woo-woofers
Say that you got me if not I'll dig in your drawer for it
The swap meet was the bull's eye like Tauruses
Murder was the melody you should know what the chorus is
Papa you really telling me we can just get some more of it if we run out?
He said lil nigga today the poor is rich
Don't tell your mom that you seen a Molotov bomb
If she ask just know you have to lie and son don't forget
Bitches ain't shit hoes ain't neither
Niggas gon' snitch watch the company you keeping
And one day you'll put money in the ghetto when you got it
Rather than having to hustle off these Rodney King riots
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million 
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane blow it like Coltrane yeah
(Don't forget still sing along kids still sing along)
When we grow up we gon' go and get us a million 
Spend it all in front of the county building
Blow it like Coltrane lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Playas always trying to pop bottles
Niggas love to pop bottles
Then get you a table my nigga get you a table my nigga...
Pour up drank head shot drank
Sit down drank stand up drank
Pass out drank wake up drank
Faded drank faded drank
No syrup in this cup but this that po' up
When you see me po' up turn up til you throw up
Like a bulemic fiending for hurl over them toilets
If I run out of liquor in your city yo where the store at?
One bottle two bottles I'm a soldier never sober
Cup runneth over don't give a fuck about cirrhosis
One life that's all we have OK lets toast to that
Then dive in a pool full of liquor swim laps like Michael Phelps
Nigga why you babysittin only two or three shots?
I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles then I watch em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'mma dive in it
Used to wake up every morning to a glass of Alize
Hope this dollar shot of E&J will take the pain away
Aim and shoot shots of Ciroc will make the girls get loose
With it we all trippin off the hen like a female chicken
You with it?  Spread your wings you probably won't get far
I honestly wouldn't advise operating a car
Try not to let the peer pressure get the best of ya
And end up giving it up in a restroom like the rest of us
So it's that groovy little nigga known for popping them bottles
Under my pants be a golden dick bitch everything about me solid
Burberry nigga them be my draws Alexander McQueen in closets
Swagged-out king yeah nigga I'm Puff uh have that pussy throbbin'
Someone tell me where the drugs at I'm into that twisted off them molly caps
Ciroc too don't fuck wit Goose; can I get a shot swim in your juice?
Worth a stack a minute everyday that shit repeat
I ain't tryna sweep you off your feet - bitch did you see your tab reciept?
ìSherane?î
(Pool full of liqour then you dive in in in in )
ìSherane Sherane Sheraneî 
ìSheraneî (Girls wanna play play play)
Where is she taking me? 
Where is she takingÖ me
All I all I all I all I have in life is my new appetite for failure
And I got hunger pain that grow insane; tell me do that sound familiar?
If it do then you're like me makin' excuse that your relief
Is in the bottom of the bottle and the greenest indo leaf
As the window open I release everything that corrode inside of me
I see you joking why you laugh? Don't you feel bad? I probably sleep
And never ever wake up; never ever wake up never ever wake up
In God I trust but just when I thought I had enough
More more bless me more
We gon drink this mothafucka down more
Bottoms up then we pass it round more
Fill it up more not enough moooore
...Bless me more
We gon drink this mothafucka down more
Bottoms up then we pass it round more
Fill it up more not enough lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Fuck Black hippy nigga I invented the recipe
It's a beautiful day I guess for a bitch to roll with Ab-Soul I guess
Pretty Chick let me see them breast E.T. OG from the weed clinic 
Solo but I'm never alone  I stay high and I'm powerful 
Westside  I got three eyes man I see y'all
All I do is kill shit ICU party with a few girls at USC
It's 82 degrees and my top off and they top off I'm getting topped off Top Dawg
Women weed and weather what more can I say to live and die in LA
Spend a week on Venice beach - I'm 2Pac and Biggie Smalls
Every morning nigga I get blazed ; women weed and weather nigga if you bored 
Come and join the wave ; girl what is your name 
Cause I'm feeling your frame can I see what you bout ; a little something in your rear
Little something in your mouth little something on your couch ; know now what I'm talkin' about bring the coffin out
Cause I killed it I done drilled it she said she like it from the back like a real bitch 
She swallowed my pride I damn near cried
Yo I can't reply she curled my toes and crossed my eyes
But when you got the recipe its no surprise bad hoes panties get left behind - I want your behind
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss
New Orleans and then Miami party in New York
Texas I be screwed up Chi town I be really pimping
But nothing like my hometown Iím forever living
Women weed and weather  women weed and weather
For the women weed and weather  women weed and weather
Got that women weed and weather - don't it sound clever come and play
Wh-What more can I say? Welcome to LA
My nigga said he wanna fly out to get him some
Three W's only for a three day run
Bitch take them motherfuckin' panties off you ain't no nun 
I be living in the sky every time I ride by them hoes
Ribbon in the sky on the radio cause Stevie know I control
Let it breathe I control California living 'til I am old
You want to be one to peak on the chart so the peons can be gone and pee on their hearts
She in the coupe she in the Neon cause she on the BS before we can start
Fuck with a nigga ride with a nigga let 'em know the priority order me
Hennessy and for my niggas OG Killa call it Jason Voorhees
Boy he's on his job boy he sure be having the marks on they mark
Pretty bitches and tire marks let 'em inhale them pipe exhausts
Let 'em reveal how much it cost for this life controlling my vice
No way hell no uh uh if Iím wrong I don't wanna be right
We want to be one to peak on the chart so the peons can be gone and pee on their hearts
Women weed weather itís not my fault then it's 82 degrees and my top peeled off
Jay Rock got the recipe fly hoes wanna roll I guess 
Everybody know I got that yola ask  she'll confess
I wake up then I bake up with a bad bitch she ain't got on  
Medicated please my nigga no telling where the high gonna take us uh
Three w's I'm at the W she got double D's bout to bring trouble through
OG Hennessy get their panties wet I'm trying to dive in the 
Left stroke right stroke whats the best stroke that stroke can smoke all down her throat
And we blows all kinds of dro Cali got the best so act like you know lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
When the four corners of this cocoon collide
Youíll slip through the cracks hoping that youíll survive
Gather your wind take a deep look inside
Are you really who they idolize?
To pimp a butterfly
At first I did love you
But now I just wanna fuck
Late night thinkin' of you
Until I got my nut
Tossed and turned lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned all across the board
Destroyed but what for?
When I get signed homie I'mma act a fool
Hit the dance floor strobe lights in the room
Snatch your little secretary bitch for the homies
Blue eyed devil with a fat ass monkey
I'mma buy a brand new Caddy on fours
Trunk the hood up two times deuce four
Platinum on everything platinum on wedding ring
Married to the game made a bad bitch yours
When I get signed homie I'mma buy a strap
Straight from the CIA set it on my lap
Take a few M-16s to the hood
Pass 'em all out on the block what's good?
I'mma put the Compton swap meet by the White House
Republican run up get socked out
Hit the press with a Cuban link on my neck
Uneducated but I got a million dollar check like that
We should never gave we should never gave
Niggas money go back home money go back home
Yo what's up? It's Dre
Remember the first time you came out to the house?
You said you wanted a spot like mine
But remember anybody can get it
The hard part is keeping it motherfucker
What you want you? A house or a car?
Forty acres and a mule a piano a guitar?
Anything see my name is Uncle Sam on your dollar
Motherfucker you can live at the mall
I know your kind 
Don't have receipts (Oh man that's fine)
Pay me later wear those gators
Cliche and say fuck your haters
I can see the borrow in you
I can see the dollar in you
Little white lies with a snow white collar in you
But it's whatever though because I'm still followin' you
Because you make me feel forever baby count it all together baby
Then hit the register and make me feel better baby
Your horoscope is a gemini two sides
So you better cop everything two times
Two coupes two chains two c-notes
Too much and enough both we know
Christmas tell 'em what's on your wish list
Get it all you deserve it Kendrick
And when you get the White House do you
But remember you ain't pass economics in school
And everything you buy taxes will deny
I'll Wesley Snipe your ass before thirty-five
Lookin' down is quite a drop (It's quite a drop drop)
Lookin' good when you're on top 
A lot of metaphors lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Fuck you motherfucker you a ho-ass nigga
I don't know why you trying to go big nigga you ain't shit
Walking around like you God's gift to Earth nigga you ain't shit
You ain't even buy me no outfit for the fourth
I need that Brazilian wavy twenty eight inch you playin'
I shouldn't be fuckin' with you anyway I need a baller ass boss ass nigga
You'se a off brand ass nigga everybody know it your homies know it everybody fuckin' know
Fuck you nigga don't call me no more
You won't know you gonna lose on a good bitch
My other nigga is on you off
What the fuck is really going on?
This dick ain't free
You lookin' at me like it ain't a receipt
Like I never made end's meet eatin' your leftovers and raw meat
This dick ain't free
Livin' in captivity raised my cap salary
Celery tellin' me green is all I need
Evidently all I seen was spam and raw sardines
This dick ain't free I mean baby
You really think we could make a baby named Mercedes without a Mercedes Benz and twenty four inch rims five percent tint and air conditioning vents
Hell fuckin' naw this dick ain't free
I need forty acres and a mule
Not a forty ounce and a pitbull
Bullshit matador matador had the door knockin' let 'em in who's that?
Genital's best friend this dick ain't free
Pity the fool that made the pretty in you prosper
Titty juice and pussy lips kept me obnoxious kept me up watchin'
Pornos and poverty apology? No
Watch you volunteer it it while people less fortunate like myself
Every dog has it's day now doggy style shall help
This dick ain't free
Matter fact it need interest matter fact it's nine inches
Matter fact see our friendship based on business
Pension more pension you're pinchin' my consensus
Been relentless fuck forgiveness fuck your feelings
Fuck your sources all distortion if you fuck it's more abortion
More divorce courts and portion
My check with less endorsement left me dormant
Dusted doomed disgusted forced with
Fuck you think is bullshit porcelain pipes pressure bust 'em twice
Choice is deaf a state of decapitated the horseman
Oh America you bad bitch lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I got a bone to pick
I don't want you monkey mouth motherfuckers sittin' in my throne again
(Aye aye nigga what's happenin' nigga K Dot back in the hood nigga)
I'm mad  but I ain't stressin'
True friends one question
Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin' 
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him  Kunta
Black man taking no losses
Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin' 
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him
When you got the yams 
The yam is the power that be
You can smell it when I'm walking down the street
(Oh yes we can oh yes we can)
I can dig rapping but a rapper with a ghost writer
What the fuck happened?
 I swore I wouldn't tell
But most of you share bars like you got the bottom bunk in a two man cell
Something's in the water 
And if I got a brown nose for some gold then I'd rather be a bum than a motherfuckin' baller
Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin' 
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him  Kunta
Black man taking no losses
Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin' 
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him
When you got the yams 
The yam brought it out of Richard Pryor
Manipulated Bill Clinton with desires
24/7 365 days times two
I was contemplatin' gettin' on stage
Just to go back to the hood see my enemies and say...
Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin' 
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him  Kunta
Black man taking no losses
Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin' 
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him
You goat mouth mammy fucker
I was gonna kill a couple rappers but they did it to themselves
Everybody's suicidal they don't even need my help
This shit is elementary I'll probably go to jail
If I shoot at your identity and bounce to the left
Stuck a flag in my city everybody's screamin' 
I should probably run for Mayor when I'm done to be honest
And I put that on my Mama and my baby boo too
Twenty million walkin' out the court buildin' woo woo
Ah yeah fuck the judge
I made it past 25 and there I was
A little nappy headed nigga with the world behind him
Life ain't shit but a fat vagina
Screamin' 
Limo tinted with the gold plates
Straight from the bottom this the belly of the beast
From a peasant to a prince to a motherfucking king
Bitch where was you when I was walkin'-
(By the time you hear the next pop the funk shall be within you)
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin' 
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him  Kunta
Black man taking no losses
Bitch where was you when I was walkin'
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin' 
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him
(Funk funk funk funk funk funk)
We want the funk
We want the funk
(Now if I give you the funk you gon' take it)
We want the funk
(Now if I give you the funk you gon' take it)
We want the funk
(Now if I give you the funk you gon' take it)
We want the funk
We want the funk
We want the funk
(Now if I give you the funk you gon' take it)
We want the funk
I remember you was conflicted lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
(feat. Bilal Anna Wise & Snoop Dogg)
What money got to do with it
When I don't know the full definition of a rap image?
I'm trapped inside the ghetto and I ain't proud to admit it
Institutionalized I keep runnin' back for a visit
Hol' up
Get it back
I said I'm trapped inside the ghetto and I ain't proud to admit it
Institutionalized I could still kill me a nigga so what?
If I was the president
I'd pay my mama's rent
Free my homies and them
Bulletproof my Chevy doors
Lay in the White House and get high Lord
Who ever thought?
Master take the chains off me
Life can be like a box of chocolate
Quid pro quo somethin' for somethin' that's the obvious
Oh shit flow's so sick don't you swallow it
Bitin' my style you're salmonella poison positive
I can just alleviate the rap industry politics
Milk the game up never lactose intolerant
The last remainder of real shit you know the obvious
Me scholarship? No streets put me through colleges
Be all you can be true but the problem is
A dream's only a dream if work don't follow it
Remind me of the homies that used to know me now follow this
I'll tell you my hypothesis I'm probably just way too loyal
K Dizzle would do it for you my niggas think I'm a god
Truthfully all of 'em spoiled usually you're never charged
But somethin' came over you once I took you to the fuckin' BET Awards
You lookin' at artists like the harvests
So many Rollies around you and you want all of them
Somebody told me you thinkin' 'bout snatchin' jewelry
I should've listened what my grandmama said to me
Shit don't change until you get up and wash your ass nigga
Shit don't change until you get up and wash your ass
Shit don't change until you get up and wash your ass nigga
Oh now slow down
And once upon a time in a city so divine
Called West Side Compton there stood a little nigga
He was 5 foot something God bless the kid
Took his homie to the show and this is what they said
What I'm s'posed to do when I'm lookin' at walkin' licks?
The convicts talk 'bout matchin' money and foreign whips
The private jets and passports presidential glass floor
Gold bottles gold models sniffin' up the ass for
Instagram flicks suck a dick fuck is this?
One more suck away from wavin' flashy wrist
My defense mechanism tell me to get him quickly because he got it
It's the recession then why the fuck he in King of Diamonds?
No more livin' poor meet my .44
When I see 'em put the per diem on the floor
Now Kendrick know they're your co-workers
But it's gon' take a lot for this pistol go cold turkey
Now I can watch his watch on the TV and be okay
But see I'm on the clock once that watch landin' in LA
Remember steal from the rich and givin' it back to the poor?
Well that's me at these awards
I guess my grandmama was warnin' a boy
She said...
And once upon a time in a city so divine
Called West Side Compton there stood a little nigga
He was 5 foot something dazed and confused
Talented but still under the neighborhood ruse
You can take your boy out the hood but you can't take the hood out the homie
Took his show money stashed it in the mozey wozey
Hollywood's nervous
Fuck you goodnight lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
(feat. Bilal Anna Wise & Thundercat)
I remember you was conflicted misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
If these walls could talk 
Sex she just want to close her eyes and sway
If you if you if you exercise your right to work it out
Its true its true its true shout out to the birthday girls say hey
Say hey everyone deserves a night to play
And shes plays only when you tell her no
If these walls could talk
I can feel your reign when it cries gold lives inside of you
If these walls could talk
I love it when Iím in it I love it when Iím in it
If these walls could talk theyíd tell me to swim good
No boat I float better than he would
No life jacket Iím not the guard in Nazareth
But your flood can be misunderstood
Wall telling me they full of pain resentment
Need someone to live in them just to relieve tension
Me? Iím just a tenant
My lord said these walls vacant more than a minute
These walls are vulnerable exclamation
Interior pink color coordinated
I interrogated every nook and cranny
I mean its still amazing before they couldnít stand me
These walls want to cry tears
These walls happier when Iím here
These walls never could hold up
Everytime I come around demolition might crush
If these walls could talk theyíd tell me to go deep
Yelling at me continuously I can see
Your defense mechanism is my decision
Knock these walls down thatís my religion
Walls feeling like they ready to close in
I suffocate then catch my second wind
I resonate in these walls
I donít know how long I can wait in these walls
Iíve been on these streets too long looking at you from the outside in
They sing the same old song about how they walls are always the cleanest
I beg to differ I mustíve missed them
Iím not involved Iíd rather diss them
Iíd rather call all you put your wall up
Cause when I come around demolition goní crush
If your walls could talk theyíd tell you itís too late
Your destiny accepted your fate
Burn accessories and stash them where they are
Take the recipe the bible and god
Wall telling you that commissary is low
Race wars happening no calling CO
No calling your mother to save you
Homies say to you you're reputable lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Loving you is complicated
I place blame on you still
Place shame on you still
Feel like you ain't shit
Feel like you don't feel confidence in yourself
Breakin' on marble floors
Watchin' anonymous strangers tellin' me that I'm yours
But you ain't shit I'm convinced your talent's nothin' special
What can I blame him for?
Nigga I can name several
Situation had stopped with your little sister bakin'
A baby inside just a teenager where your patience?
Where was your antennas where was the influence you speak of?
You preached in front of 100000 but never reached her
I fuckin' tell you you're fuckin' failure you ain't no leader
I never liked you forever despise you I don't need you
The world don't need you don't let them deceive you
Numbers lie too fuck your pride too that's for dedication
Thought money would change you made you more complacent
I fuckin' hate you I hope you embrace it
Loving you is complicated
Lovin' you lovin' you not lovin' you one hundred proof
I can feel you vibin' recognize that you're ashamed of me
Yes I hate you too
House keeping
House keeping
°Abre la puerta! °Abre la puerta tengo que limpiar el cuarto!
°Es que no hay mucho tiempo tengo que limpiar el cuarto°
!Disculpe!
And you the reason why mama and them leavin'
No you ain't shit you say you love them I know you don't mean it
I know you're irresponsible selfish in denial can't help it
Your trials and tribulations a burden everyone felt it
Everyone heard it multiple shots corners cryin' out
You was deserted where was your antennas again?
Where was your presence where was your support that you pretend?
You ain't no brother you ain't no disciple you ain't no friend
A friend never leave Compton for profit or leave his best friend
Little brother you promised you'd watch him before they shot him
Where was your antennas? On the road bottles and bitches
You FaceTime'd the one time that's unforgiven
You even FaceTime'd instead of a hospital visit
'Cause you thought he would recover well
The surgery couldn't stop the bleeding for real
Then he died God himself will say 
You ain't try
I know your secrets nigga
Mood swings is frequent nigga
I know depression is restin' on your heart for two reasons nigga
I know you and a couple block boys ain't been speaking nigga
Y'all damn near beefin' I seen it and you're the reason nigga
And if this bottle could talk  I cry myself to sleep
Bitch everything is your fault
Faults breakin' to pieces earthquakes on every weekend
Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed
I know your secrets
Don't let me tell them to the world about that shit you thinkin'
And that time you  I'm 'bout to hurl
I'm fucked up but ain't as fucked up as you
You just can't get right I think your heart made of bullet proof
Shoulda killed yo ass a long time ago
You shoulda filled that black revolver blast a long time ago
And if those mirrors could talk it would say lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Alls my life I has to fight nigga
Alls my life I...
Hard times like yah
Bad trips like 
Nazareth I'm fucked up
Homie you fucked up
But if God got us then we gon' be alright
Nigga we gon' be alright
Nigga we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga we gon' be alright
Do you hear me do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Uh and when I wake up
I recognize you're lookin' at me for the pay cut
Behind my side we lookin' at you from the face down
What mac-11 even boom with the bass down
Schemin'! And let me tell you bout my life
Painkillers only put me in the twilight
Where pretty pussy and Benjamin is the highlight
Now tell my mama I love her but this what I like
Lord knows 20 of 'em in my Chevy
Tell 'em all to come and get me reapin' everything I sow
So my karma coming heavy
No preliminary hearings on my record
I'm a motherfucking gangster in silence for the record
Tell the world I know it's too late
Boys and girls I think I've gone cray
Drown inside my vices all day
Won't you please believe when I say
When you know we been hurt been down before nigga
When our pride was low lookin' at the world like "where do we go nigga?"
And we hate Popo wanna kill us dead in the street for sure nigga
I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak and my gun might blow but we gon' be alright
What you want you a house you a car
40 acres and a mule a piano a guitar
Anything see my name is Lucy I'm your dog
Motherfucker you can live at the mall
I can see the evil I can tell it I know it's illegal
I don't think about it I deposit every other zero
Thinkin' of my partner put the candy paint it on the regal
Diggin' in my pocket ain't a profit big enough to feed you
Everyday my logic get another dollar just to keep you
In the presence of your chico... ah!
I don't talk about it be about it everyday I see cool
If I got it then you know you got it Heaven I can reach you
Pet dog pet dog pet dog my dog that's all
Pick back and chat I shut the back for y'all
I rap I'm black on track so rest assured
My rights my wrongs I write till I'm right with God
I keep my head up high
I cross my heart and hope to die
Lovin' me is complicated
Too afraid a lot of changes
I'm alright and you're a favorite
Dark nights in my prayers
I remembered you was conflicted
Misusing your influence sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screamin' in the hotel room
I didn't wanna self destruct lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
What's wrong nigga?
I thought you was keeping it gangsta?
I thought this what you wanted?
They say if you scared go to church
But remember
He knows the bible too
My baby when I get you get you get you get you
Ima go head to ride with you
Smoking lokin' poking the deja till I'm idle with you
Cause I 
Now baby when I'm riding here I'm riding dirty
Registration is out of service
Smoking lokin' drinking the potion you can see me swerving
Cause I 
I want you more than you know
I remember you took me to the mall last week baby
You looked me in my eyes about 4 5 times
Till I was hypnotized then you clarified
That I 
You said Sherane ain't got nothing on Lucy
I said you crazy
Roses are red violets are blue but me and you both pushing up daisies if I 
You said to me
You said your name was Lucy
I said where's Ricardo?
I said oh no not the show
Than you spit a little rap to me like this
When I turned 26 I was like oh shit
You said this to me
I remember what you said too you said
My name is Lucy Kendrick
You introduced me Kendrick
Usually I donít do this
But I see you and me Kendrick
Lucy Give you no worries
Lucy got million stories
About these rappers I came after when they was boring
Lucy gone fill your pockets
Lucy gone move your mama out of Compton
Inside the gi-gantic mansion like I promised
Lucy just want your trust and loyalty
Avoiding me?
It's not so easy I'm at these functions accordingly
Kendrick Lucy don't slack a minute
Lucy work harder
Lucy gone call you even when Lucy know you love your Father
I'm Lucy
I loosely heard prayers on your first album truly
Lucy don't mind cause at the end of the day you'll pursue me
Lucy go get it Lucy not timid Lucy up front
Lucy got paper work on top of paper work
I want you to know that Lucy got you
All your life I watched you
And now you all grown up then sign this contract if thatís possible
I remembered you was conflicted
Misusing your influence lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Oh shit!
Oh I need that
I need that sloppy
That sloppy
Like a Chevy in quicksand
That sloppy
This feelin' is unmatched
This feelin' is brought to you by adrenaline and good rap
Black  ball cap
(West west west)
We don't share the same synonym fall back
(West west west)
Been in it before internet had new acts
Mimicking radio's nemesis may be wack
My innocence limited the experience lacked
Ten of us with no tentative tactic that cracked
The mind of a literate writer but I did it in fact
You admitted it once I submitted it wrapped in plastic
Remember scribblin' scratchin' dilligent sentences backwards
Visiting freestyle cyphers for your reaction
Now I can live in a stadium pack it the fastest
Gamblin' Benjamin benefits sittin' in traffic
Spinnin' women in cartwheels linen fabric on fashion
Winnin' in every decision
Kendrick is master and mastered it
Isn't it lovely how menace has turned attraction?
Pivotin' rappers finish your fraction while writing blue magic
Thank God for rap I would say it got me a plaque
But what's better than that?
The fact it brought me back home
We been waitin' for you
Waitin' for you
Waitin' for you
Waitin' for you
I know everything I know myself
I know morality spirituality good and bad health
I know fatality might haunt you
I know everything I know Compton
I know street shit I know shit that's conscious I know everything
I know lawyers advertisement and sponsors
I know wisdom I know bad religion I know good karma
I know everything I know history
I know the universe works mentally
I know the perks of bullshit isn't meant for me
I know everything I know cars clothes hoes and money
I know loyalty I know respect I know those that's Ornery
I know everything the highs to lows to groupies and junkies
I know if I'm generous at heart I don't need recognition
The way I'm rewarded well that's God's decision
I know you know that lines from Compton School District
Just give it to the kids donít gossip about how it was distributed
I know how people work I know the price of life
I know how much itís worth I know what I know and I know it well
Not to ever forget until I realized I didnít know shit
The day I came home
I met a little boy that resembled my features
Nappy afro gap in his smile
Hand me down sneakers bounced through the crowd
Runnin' home and the man and woman that crossed him
Sun beamin' on his beady beads exhausted
Tossin' footballs with his ashy black ankles
Breakin' new laws mama passed on home trainin'
He looked at me and said Kendrick you do know my language
You just forgot because of what public schools had painted
Oh I forgot don't kill my vibe that's right you're famous
I used to watch on Channel 5 TV was takin'
But never mind you're here right now don't you mistake it
It's just a new trip take a glimpse at your family's ancestor
Make a new list of everything you thought was progress
And that was bullshit I mean your life is full of turmoil
You spoiled by fantasies of who you are
I feel bad for you
I can attempt to enlighten you without frightenin' you
If you resist I'll back off go catch a flight or two
But if you pick destiny over rest in peace
Than be an advocate go tell your homies especially
To come back home
This is a world premiere
This is a world premiere
This is a world premiere
I been lookin for you my whole life an appetite
For the feeling I can barely describe where you reside?
Is it in a woman is it in money or mankind?
Tell me something got me losing my mind AH!
You make me wanna jump
(Jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump
)
(Jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump
)
I been lookin for you my whole life an appetite
For the feeling I can barely describe where you reside?
Is it in a woman is it in money or mankind?
Tell me something think I'm losing my mind AH!
I say where you at from the front to the back
I'm lookin' for you I react only when you react
Ah I thought I found you back in the ghetto
When I was seventeen with the .38 special
Maybe you're in a dollar bill maybe you're not real
Maybe only the wealthy get to know how you feel
Maybe I'm paranoid ha lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
K dot pick up the phone nigga. Every time I call it's going to voice mail.
Don't tell me they got you on some weirdo rap shit nigga.
No socks and skinny jeans and shit. Call me on Shaniqua's phone
I been A-1 since day one you niggas boo boo
Your home boy your block that you're from boo boo
Lil hoes you went to school with boo boo
Baby mama and your new bitch boo boo
We was in the hood 14 with the deuce deuce
14 years later going hard like we used to on the dead homies
On the dead homies
I don't give a fuck about no politics in rap my nigga
My lil homie Stunna Deuce ain't never comin' back my nigga
So you better go hard every time you jump on wax my nigga
Fuck what they talkin' bout your shit is where its at my nigga
Came in this game you stuck your fangs in this game
You wore no chain in this game your hood your name in this game
Now you double up time to bubble up the bread and huddle up
Stickin' to the scripts now here if them benjamin's go cuddle up
Skip hop trip drop flip flop with the white tube sock
It goes "Sherm Sticks burn this"
Thats what the product smells like when the chemicals mix
50 nigga salute out the Compton zoo with the extras
El Cos Monte Carlos Road Kings and dressers
Rip Ridaz P-Funkers Mexicans they fuck with you
Asians they fuck with you nobody can fuck with you
Hopped out the caddy just got my dick sucked
The little homies called they said 
Oh yeah? Puto want to squabble with mi barrio?
Oh yeah? Tell 'em they can run it for the cardio
Oh yeah? Everythin' is everythin' it's scandalous
Slow motion for the ambulance the project filled with cameras
The LAPD gamblin' scramblin' football numbers slanderin'
Niggas name on paper you snitched all summer
The streets donít fail me now they tell me it's a new gang in town
From Compton to Congress itís set trippiní all around
Ainít nothin' new but a flow of new DemoCrips and ReBloodlicans
Red state versus a blue state which one you governiní?
They give us guns and drugs call us thugs
Make it they promise to fuck with you
No condom they fuck with you Obama say 
Everybody want to talk about who this and who that
Who the realest and who wack who white or who black
Critics want to mention that they miss when hip hop was rappiní
Motherfucker if you did then Killer Mike'd be platinum
Yíall priorities are fucked up put energy in wrong shit
Hennessy and Crown Vic my memory been gone since
Donít ask about no camera back at award shows
No donít ask about my bitch no donít ask about my foes
'Less you askin' me about power yeah I got a lot of it
Iím the only nigga next to Snoop that can push the button
Had the Coast on standby
ìK. Dot what up? I heard they opened up Pandoraís boxî
I box ëem all in by a landslide
Nah homie we too sensitive lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
How much a dollar really cost?
The question is detrimental paralyzin' my thoughts
Parasites in my stomach keep me with a gut feeling y'all
Gotta see how Iím chillin' once I park this luxury car
Hopping out feeling big as Mutombo
20 on pump 6 dirty Marcellus called me Dumbo
20 years ago can't forget
Now I can lend all my ear or two how to stack these residuals
Tenfold the liberal concept of what men'll do
20 on 6 he didn't hear me
Indigenous African only spoke Zulu
My American tongue was slurry
Walked out the gas station
A homeless man with a semi-tan complexion
Asked me for 10 Rand  stressin' about dry land
Deep water powder blue skies that crack open
A piece of crack that he wanted I knew he was smokin'
He begged and pleaded
Asked me to feed him twice I didn't believe it
Told him 
Contributin' money just for his pipe I couldn't see it
He said "My son temptation is one thing that I've defeated
Listen to me I want a single bill from you
Nothin' less nothin' more"
I told him I ain't have it and closed my door
Tell me how much a dollar cost
It's more to feed your mind
Water sun and love the one you love
All you need the air you breathe
He's starin' at me in disbelief
My temper is buildin' he's starin' at me I grab my key
He's starin' at me I started the car then I tried to leave
And somethin' told me to keep it in park until I could see
The reason why he was mad at a stranger
Like I was supposed to save him
Like I'm the reason he's homeless and askin' me for a favor
He's starin' at me his eyes followed me with no laser
He's starin' at me I notice that his stare is contagious
Cause now I'm starin' back at him feelin' some type of disrespect
If I could throw a bat at him it'd be aimin' at his neck
I never understood someone beggin' for goods
Askin' for handouts takin' it if they could
And this particular person just had it down pat
Starin' at me for the longest until he finally asked
Have you ever opened up Exodus 14?
A humble man is all that we ever need
Tell me how much a dollar cost
Guilt trippin' and feelin' resentment
I never met a transient that demanded attention
They got me frustrated indecisive and power trippin'
Sour emotions got me lookin' at the universe different
I should distance myself I should keep it relentless
My selfishness is what got me here who the fuck I'm kiddin'?
So I'mma tell you like I told the last bum
Crumbs and pennies I need all of mines
And I recognize this type of panhandlin' all the time
I got better judgement I know when nigga's hustlin' keep in mind
When I was strugglin' I did compromise now I comprehend
I smell grandpa's old medicine reekin' from your skin
Moonshine and gin nigga you're babblin' your words ain't flatterin'
I'm imaginin' Denzel but lookin' at O'Neal
Kazaam is sad thrills your gimmick is mediocre
The jig is up I seen you from a mile away losin' focus
And I'm insensitive and I lack empathy
He looked at me and said 
I looked at him and said 
He looked at me and said "Know the truth it'll set you free
You're lookin' at the Messiah the son of Jehovah the higher power
The choir that spoke the word the Holy Spirit
The nerve of Nazareth and I'll tell you just how much a dollar cost
The price of having a spot in Heaven embrace your loss I am God"
I wash my hands I said my grace
What more do you want from me?
Tears of a clown guess I'm not all what is meant to be
Shades of grey will never change if I condone
Turn this page help me change lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Complexion 
Complexion don't mean a thing 
Complexion 
It all feels the same 
Dark as the midnight hour or bright as the mornin' sun
Give a fuck about your complexion I know what the Germans done
Sneak 
Sneak me through the back window Iím a good field nigga
I made a flower for you outta cotton just to chill with you
You know I'd go the distance you know I'm ten toes down
Even if master listenin' cover your ears he 'bout to mention
Dark as the midnight hour I'm bright as the mornin' Sun
Brown skinned but your blue eyes tell me your mama can't run
Sneak 
Sneak me through the back window Iím a good field nigga
I made a flower for you outta cotton just to chill with you
You know I'd go the distance you know I'm ten toes down
Even if master's listenin' I got the world's attention
So I'mma say somethin' that's vital and critical for survival
Of mankind if he lyin' color should never rival
Beauty is what you make it I used to be so mistaken
By different shades of faces
Then wit told me "You're womanless woman love the creation"
It all came from God then you was my confirmation
I came to where you reside
And looked around to see more sights for sore eyes
Let the Willie Lynch theory reverse a million times with...
You like it I love it
You like it I love it
Let me talk my Stu Scott ëscuse me on my 2pac
Keep your head up when did you stop? Love and die
Color of your skin color of your eyes
Thatís the real blues baby like you met Jayís baby
You blew me away you think more beauty in blue green and grey
All my Solomon up north 12 years a slave
12 years of age thinkiní my shade too dark
I love myself I no longer need Cupid
And forciní my dark side like a young George Lucas
Light donít mean you smart beiní dark donít make you stupid
And frame of mind for them bustas ainít talkiní ìWoohah!î
Need a paradox for the pair of dots they tutored
Like two ties L-L you lose two times
If you donít see you beautiful in your complexion
It ainít complex to put it in context
Find the air beneath the kite thatís the context
Yeah baby Iím conscious ainít no contest
If you like it I love it all your earth tones been blessed
Ainít no stress jigga boos wanna be
I ainít talkiní Jay I ainít talkiní Bey
Iím talkiní days we got school watchiní movie screens
And spike yourself esteem
The new James Bond goní be black as me
Black as brown hazelnut cinnamon black tea
And itís all beautiful to me
Call your brothers magnificent call all the sisters queens
We all on the same team blues and pirus no colors ainít a thing
Barefoot babies with no cares
Teenage gun toters that donít play fair should I get out the car?
I donít see Compton I see something much worse
The land of the landmines lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Everything black I don't want black
I want everything black I ain't need black
Some white some black I ain't mean black
I want everything black
Six in the mornin' fire in the street
Burn baby burn that's all I wanna see
And sometimes I get off watchin' you die in vain
It's such a shame they may call me crazy
They may say I suffer from schizophrenia or somethin'
But homie you made me
Black don't crack my nigga
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
Once I finish this witnesses will convey just what I mean
Been feeling this way since I was 16 came to my senses
You never liked us anyway fuck your friendship I meant it
I'm African-American I'm African
I'm black as the moon heritage of a small village
Pardon my residence
Came from the bottom of mankind
My hair is nappy my dick is big my nose is round and wide
You hate me don't you?
You hate my people your plan is to terminate my culture
You're fuckin' evil I want you to recognize that I'm a proud monkey
You vandalize my perception but can't take style from me
And this is more than confession
I mean I might press the button just so you know my discretion
I'm guardin' my feelins I know that you feel it
You sabotage my community makin' a killin'
You made me a killer emancipation of a real nigga
The blacker the berry the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry the bigger I shoot
I said they treat me like a slave cah' me black
Woi we feel a whole heap of pain cah' we black
And man a say they put me in a chain cah' we black
Imagine now big gold chain full of rocks
How you no see the whip left scars pon' me back
But now we have a big whip parked pon' the block
All them say we doomed from the start cah' we black
Remember this every race start from the black just remember that
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
Once I finish this witnesses will convey just what I mean
I mean it's evident that I'm irrelevant to society
That's what you're telling me penitentiary would only hire me
Curse me till I'm dead
Church me with your fake prophesyzing that I'mma be just another slave in my head
Institutionalize manipulation and lies
Reciprocation of freedom only live in your eyes
You hate me don't you?
I know you hate me just as much as you hate yourself
Jealous of my wisdom and cards I dealt
Watchin' me as I pull up fill up my tank then peel out
Muscle cars like pull ups show you what these big wheels 'bout ah
Black and successful this black man meant to be special
CAT scans on my radar bitch how can I help you?
How can I tell you I'm making a killin'?
You made me a killer emancipation of a real nigga
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
When I finish this if you listenin' sure you will agree
This plot is bigger than me it's generational hatred
It's genocism it's grimy little justification
I'm African-American I'm African
I'm black as the heart of a fuckin' Aryan
I'm black as the name of Tyrone and Darius
Excuse my French but fuck you ó no fuck y'all
That's as blunt as it gets I know you hate me don't you?
You hate my people I can tell cause it's threats when I see you
I can tell cause your ways deceitful
Know I can tell because you're in love with the Desert Eagle
Thinkin' maliciously he get a chain then you gone bleed him
It's funny how Zulu and Xhosa might go to war
Two tribal armies that want to build and destroy
Remind me of these Compton Crip gangs that live next door
Beefin' with Piru's only death settle the score
So don't matter how much I say I like to preach with the Panthers
Or tell Georgia State 
Or try to celebrate February like it's my B-Day
Or eat watermelon chicken lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Study long study wrong nigga
Hey y'all close that front door ya'll let flies in this motherfucker
Close that door!
My OG up in this motherfucker right now
My pops man with the bottle in his hand actin' a fool
Hey hey babe check it out Imma tell you what my mama had said she like:
I could spot you a mile away
I could see your insecurities written all on your face
So predictable your words I know what you gonna say
Who you foolin'? Oh you assuming you can just come and hang
With the homies but your level of realness ain't the same
Circus acts only attract those that entertain
Small talk we know that it's all talk
We live in the Laugh Factory every time they mention your name
Askin'  to impress me
Askin'  to impress me
Say you got to burn your stash to impress me
It's all in your head homie
Askin'  to impress me
Askin'  to impress me
Askin'  only upsets me
You sound like the feds homie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it my nigga
You ain't gotta lie you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard
And the world don't respect you and the culture don't accept you
But you think it's all love
And the girls gon' neglect you once your parody is done
Reputation can't protect you if you never had one
Jealousy  emotional 
Self-pity  under oath 
The loudest one in the room nigga that's a complex
Let me put it back in proper context
What do you got to offer?
Tell me before you we off ya put you deep in the coffin
Been allergic to talkin' been aversion to bullshit
Instead of dreamin' the auction tell me just who your boss is
Niggas be fugazie bitches be fugazie
This is for fugazie niggas and bitches who make habitual line babies bless them little hearts
You can never persuade me
You can never relate me to him to her or that to them
Or you the truth you love to bend
In the back in the bed on the floor that's your ho
On the couch in the mouth I'll be out really though
So loud rich niggas got low money
And loud lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Is this mic on? (Hey move this way this way)
Hey Hey! Hey! Turn the mic up c'mon c'mon
Is the mic on or not? I want the mic
We're bringing up nobody nobody...
Nobody but the number one rapper in the world
He done traveled all over the world
He came back just to give you some game
All of the little boys and girls come up here
(One two one two what's happening fool?)
Come right here this is for you come on up
Kendrick Lamar make some noise brother
I done been through a whole lot
Trial tribulation but I know God
The Devil wanna put me in a bow tie
Pray that the holy water don't go dry
As I look around me
So many motherfuckers wanna down me
But an enemigo never drown me
In front of a dirty double-mirror they found me
And 
When you lookin' at me tell me what do you see?
Ahh I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
Illuminated by the hand of God boy don't seem shy
One day at a time uhh
They wanna say it's a war outside bomb in the street
Gun in the hood mob of police
Rock on the corner with a line for the fiend
And a bottle full of lean and a model on the scheme uh
These days of frustration keep y'all on tuck and rotation 
I duck these cold faces post up fi-fie-fo-fum basis
Dreams of reality's peace
Blow steam in the face of the beast
Sky could fall down wind could cry now
Look at me motherfucker I smile
And 
When you lookin' at me tell me what do you see?
Ahh I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
Illuminated by the hand of God boy don't seem shy
One day at a time uhh
Lift up your head and keep moving  turn the mic up
Peace to fashion police I wear my heart
On my sleeve let the runway start
You know the miserable do love company
What do you want from me and my scars?
Everybody lack confidence everybody lack confidence
How many times my potential was anonymous?
How many times the city making me promises?
So I promise this nigga
And 
When you lookin' at me tell me what do you see?
Ahh I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
Illuminated by the hand of God boy don't seem shy
One day at a time uhh
Huh  huh 
Huh (Down down valley deep) huh (Down down valley deep)
 huh  huh 
 huh  one two three
And 
When you lookin' at me tell me what do you see?
Ahh I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
Illuminated by the hand of God boy don't seem shy
One day at a time uhh
I went to war last night
With an automatic weapon don't nobody call a medic
I'm a do it till I get it right
I went to war last night (Night night night night night)
I've been dealing with depression ever since an adolescent
Duckin' every other blessin' I can never see the message
I could never take the lead I could never bob and weave
From a negative and letting them annihilate me
And it's evident I'm moving at a meteor speed
Finna run into a building lay my body...
Not on my time Not while I'm up here
Not on my time kill the music
Not on my time
We could save that shit for the streets
We could save that shit this for the kids bro
2015 niggas tired of playin' victim dog
Niggas ain't trying to play vic- TuTu how many niggas we done lost?
Yan-Yan how many we done lost?
No for real answer the question how many niggas we done lost bro?
This this year alone
Exactly. So we ain't got time to waste time my nigga
Niggas gotta make time bro
The judge make time you know that the judge make time right?
The judge make time so it ain't shit
It shouldn't be shit for us to come out here and appreciate the little bit of life we got left dawg
On the dead homies. Charlie P you know that bro
You know that
It's mando. Right it's mando
And I say this because I love you niggas man
I love all my niggas bro
Exac- enough said enough said
We gon' get back to the show and move on because that shit petty my nigga
Mic check mic check mic check mic check mic check
We gon' do some acapella shit before we get back to-
All my niggas listen
Listen to this:
I promised Dave I'd never use the phrase 
He said "Think about what you saying: 'Fuck niggas'
No better than Samuel on Django
No better than a white man with slave boats"
Sound like I needed some soul searching
My Pops gave me some game in real person
Retraced my steps on what they never taught me
Did my homework fast before government caught me
So I'm a dedicate this one verse to Oprah
On how the infamous sensitive N-word control us
So many artists gave her an explanation to hold us
Well this is my explanation straight from Ethiopia
N-E-G-U-S definition: royalty; King royalty - wait listen
N-E-G-U-S description: Black emperor King ruler now let me finish
The history books overlook the word and hide it
America tried to make it to a house divided
The homies don't recognize we been using it wrong
So I'm a break it down and put my game in a song
N-E-G-U-S say it with me
Or say no more. Black stars can come and get me
Take it from Oprah Winfrey tell her she right on time
Kendrick Lamar by far lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
The ghost of Mandela hope my flows they propel it
Let these words be your earth and moon
You consume every message
As I lead this army make room for mistakes and depression
And with that being said my nigga let me ask this question:
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan (one two one two)
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
The ghost of Mandela hope my flows they propel it
Let these words be your earth and moon
You consume every message
As I lead this army make room for mistakes and depression
And with that being said my nigga let me ask this question:
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
Want you look to your left and right make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
Do you believe in me? Are you deceiving me?
Could I let you down easily is your heart where it need to be?
Is your smile on permanent? Is your vow on lifetime?
Would you know where the sermon is if I died in this next line?
If I'm tried in a court of law if the industry cut me off
If the government want me dead plant cocaine in my car
Would you judge me a drug-head or see me as K. Lamar
Or question my character and degrade me on every blog
Want you to love me like Nelson want you to hug me like Nelson
I freed you from being a slave in your mind you're very welcome
You tell me my song is more than a song it's surely a blessing
But a prophet ain't a prophet til they ask you this question:
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
Want you look to your left and right make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
The ghost of Mandela hope my flows they propel it
Let my words be your earth and moon you consume every message
As I lead this army make room for mistakes and depression
And with that
Do you believe in me? How much you believe in her?
You think she gon' stick around if them 25 years occur?
You think he can hold you down when you down behind bars hurt?
You think y'all on common ground if you promise to be the first? Can you be immortalised without your life being expired?
Even though you share the same blood is it worth the time?
Like who got your best interest?
Like how much are you dependent?
How clutch are the people that say they love you?
And who pretending?
How tough is your skin when they turn you in?
Do you show forgiveness?
What brush do you bend when dusting your shoulders from being offended?
What kind of den did they put you in when the lions start hissing?
What kind of bridge did they burn?
Revenge or your mind when it's mentioned?
You wanna love like Nelson you wanna be like Nelson
You wanna walk in his shoes but you peacemaking seldom
You wanna be remembered that delivered the message
That considered the blessing of everyone
This your lesson for everyone say
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
Want you look to your left and right make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
The voice of Mandela hope this flow stay propellin'
Let my word be your Earth and moon
You consume every message
As I lead this army make room for mistakes and depression
And if you riding with me nigga
I been wrote off before I got abandonment issues
I hold grudges like bad judges don't let me resent you
That's not Nelson-like want you to love me like Nelson
I went to Robben's Island analysing that's where his cell is
So I could find clarity like how much you cherish me
Is this relationship a fake or real as the heavens be?
See I got to question it all family friends fans cats dogs
Trees plants grass how the wind blow
Murphy's Law generation X will I ever be your X?
Floss off a baby step mauled by the mouth of
Pit bulls put me under stress
Crawled under rocks ducking y'all it's respect
But then tomorrow put my back against the wall
How many leaders you said you needed then left 'em for dead?
Is it Moses is it Huey Newton or Detroit Red?
Is it Martin Luther JFK shoot or you assassin
Is it Jackie is it Jesse oh I know it's Michael Jackson oh
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
That nigga gave us  you say he touched those kids?
When shit hit the fan is you still a fan?
The ghost of Mandela hope my flows they propel it
Let my word be your earth and moon you consume every message
As I lead this army make room for mistakes and depression
And if you riding with me nigga let me ask this question nigga
"I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in the hotel room
I didn't wanna self destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went running for answers
Until I came home
But that didn't stop survivor's guilt
Going back and forth trying to convince myself the stripes I earned
Or maybe how A-1 my foundation was
But while my loved ones was fighting the continuous war back in the city I was entering a new one
A war that was based on apartheid and discrimination
Made me wanna go back to the city and tell the homies what I learned
The word was respect
Just because you wore a different gang color than mine's
Doesn't mean I can't respect you as a black man
Forgetting all the pain and hurt we caused each other in these streets
If I respect you we unify and stop the enemy from killing us
But I don't know I'm no mortal man maybe I'm just another nigga"
Shit and that's all I wrote
I was gonna call it
Another Nigga but it ain't really a poem I just felt like it's
something you probably could relate to. Other than that now that I
finally got a chance to holla at you I always wanted to ask you about a
certain situa-- about a metaphor actually you spoke on the ground.
What you mean 'bout that what the ground represent?
The ground is gonna open up and swallow the evil
Right
That's how I see it my word is bond. I see - and
the ground is the symbol for the poor people the poor people is gonna
open up this whole world and swallow up the rich people. Cause the rich
people gonna be so fat they gonna be so appetising you know what I'm
saying wealthy appetising. The poor gonna be so poor and hungry you
know what I'm saying it's gonna be likeÖ there might be some cannibalism
out this mutha they might eat the rich
Aight
so let me ask you this then do you see yourself as somebody that's
rich or somebody that made the best of their own opportunities?
I
see myself as a natural born hustler a true hustler in every sense of
the word. I took nothin' I took the opportunities I worked at the most
menial and degrading job and built myself up so I could get it to where
I owned it. I went from having somebody manage me to me hiring the
person that works my management company. I changed everything I realized
my destiny in a matter of five years you know what I'm saying I made
myself a millionaire. I made millions for a lot of people now it's time
to make millions for myself you know what I'm saying. I made millions
for the record companies I made millions for these movie companies now
I make millions for us
And through your different avenues of success how would you say you managed to keep a level of sanity?
By
my faith in God by my faith in the game and by my faith in "all good
things come to those that stay true." You know what I'm saying and it
was happening to me for a reason you know what I'm saying I was
noticing shit I was
punching the right buttons and it was happening. So it's no problem you
know I mean it's a problem but I'm not finna let them know. I'm finna
go straight through
Would you consider yourself a fighter at heart or somebody that only reacts when they back is against the wall?
Shit
I like to think that at every opportunity I've ever been threatened
with resistance it's been met with resistance. And not only me but it
goes down my family tree. You know what I'm saying it's in my veins to
fight back
Aight well how long you think it
take before niggas be like we fighting a war I'm fighting a war I
can't win and I wanna lay it all down
In this country a
black man only have like 5 years we can exhibit maximum strength and
that's right now while you a teenager while you still strong or while
you still wanna lift weights while you still wanna shoot back. Cause
once you turn 30 it's like they take the heart and soul out of a man
out of a black man in this country. And you don't wanna fight no more.
And if you don't believe me you can look around you don't see no loud
mouth 30-year old muthafuckas
That's crazy
because me being one of your offspring of the legacy you left behind I
can truly tell you that there's nothing but turmoil goin' on so I wanted
to ask you what you think is the future for me and my generation today?
I think that niggas is tired of grabbin' shit out the stores and next time it's a riot there's gonna be like uh bloodshed for real. I don't think America
know that. I think American think we was just playing and it's gonna be
some more playing but it ain't gonna be no playing. It's gonna be
murder you know what I'm saying it's gonna be like Nat Turner 1831
up in this muthafucka. You know what I'm saying it's gonna happen
That's
crazy man. In my opinion only hope that we kinda have left is music
and vibrations lotta people don't understand how important it is.
Sometimes I be like get behind a mic and I don't know what type of
energy I'mma push out or where it comes from. Trip me out sometimes
Because the spirits we ain't even really rappin' we just letting our dead homies tell stories for us
Damn
I wanted to read one last thing to you. It's actually something a good friend had wrote describing my world. It says:
"The caterpillar is a prisoner to the streets that conceived it
Its only job is to eat or consume everything around it in order to protect itself from this mad city
While consuming its environment the caterpillar begins to notice ways to survive
One thing it noticed is how much the world shuns him but praises the butterfly
The butterfly represents the talent the thoughtfulness and the beauty within the caterpillar
But
having a harsh outlook on life the caterpillar sees the butterfly as
weak and figures out a way to pimp it to his own benefits
Already surrounded by this mad city the caterpillar goes to work on the cocoon which institutionalizes him
He can no longer see past his own thoughts
He's trapped
When trapped inside these walls certain ideas take roots such as going home and bringing back new concepts to this mad city
The result?
Wings begin to emerge breaking the cycle of feeling stagnant
Finally free the butterfly sheds light on situations that the caterpillar never considered ending the internal struggle
Although the butterfly and caterpillar are completely different lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Come here girl
Oh you want me to touch you right there?
Oh like a little lamb play in your hair
Oh you want it? Oh you want it right now
Like that? I got you baby
All on you baby
Push it back on daddy
Push it back on daddy baby
I seen it vividly jogging my brain memory life isÖ
I seen it vividly jogging my brain memory
Life is long as infinity this was the final calling
No birds chirping or flying no dogs barking
We all nervous and crying moving in caution
In disbeliefs our beliefs the reason for all this
The tallest building plummet cracking and crumbling
The ground is shaking swallowing young woman
With a baby daisies and other flowers burning in destruction
The smell is disgusting the heat is unbearable
Preachers touching on boys run for cover the paranoid
Rapists and murderers hurdle alleys
Valleys and high places turn into dust
Famous screaming in agony
Atheists for suicide planes falling out the sky
Trains jumping off the track mothers yelling ìheís aliveî
Backpedaling Christians settling for forgiveness
Evidence all around us the town is covered in fishes
Ocean water dried out fire burning more tires out
Tabernacle and city capital turned inside out
Public bathroom college classroomís been deserted
Another trumpet has sounded off and everyone heard it
 no more running from world wars
 no more discriminating the poor
 no more bad bitches and real niggas
Wishing for green and gold the last taste of allure
I swore I seen it vividly
A moniker of war from heaven that play the symphony
Thunder like number four then I heard
ìWhat have you did for meî
I fell to my knees pulled out my resume
That dated back to June 17th 1987
My paperwork was like a receipt
I was valedictorian I was fearful of judgment
But confident I had glory in all my past endeavors
Close my eyes pray to god that I live forever
Dark skies fire and brimstone some of us sent home
Some of us never did wrong but still went to hell
Geez Louise I thought you said that I excel
I made To Pimp a Butterfly ëfore you told me
To use my vocals to save man-kind for you
Say I didnít try for you say I didnít ride for you
I tithed for you I pushed the club to the side for you
Who love you like I love you?
Crucifix tell me you can fix
Anytime I need Iímma start jotting everything in my diary
Never would you lie to me
Always camaraderie I can see our days been numbered
Revelation greatest as we hearing the last trumpet
All man child woman life completely went in reverse
I guess Iím running in place trying to make it to church
Young nigga act an ass
Young nigga act a fool
Young nigga get yoí cash
Young nigga do what it do
Young nigga go young nigga go
Young nigga go lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Pimp-pimp hooray
Pimp-pimp hooray
Hooray
Pimp-pimp hooray
Pimp-pimp
Iím sick and tired of being tired
Canít pick a side the Gemini
Prophesize if we living I
Promise momma not to feel no lie
Seen black turn íem Burgundy
Hundred of them I know Iím greedy
Stuck inside the belly of the beast
Can you please pray for me?
Get God on the phone
Said it wonít be long
I see jiggaboos I see Styrofoams
My hood going brazy
Where did we go wrong?
I see jiggaboos I see Styrofoams
Get Top on the phone
Tell the squad come home
We goní ball again ëfore he call us home
World is going brazy
Where did we go wrong?
Itís a tidal wave itís a thunderdome
Get God on the phone
I just got a raise 
Spent it all on me 
Diamonds all appraised 
And Iím bossing up 
Bitch get out the way 
Iím the only way we can fornicate
Ah pimping and posing look what I drove in ah
Having these hoes and I know that Iím chosen ah
I live by the code and me and my bros and
Ah my dollars ainít foldiní you was never the homie
Seen black turn íem Burgundy
Hundred of them I know Iím greedy
Stuck inside the belly of the beast
Can you please pray for me?
Get God on the phone
Said it wonít be long
I see jiggaboos I see Styrofoams
My hood going brazy
Where did we go wrong?
I see jiggaboos I see Styrofoams
Get Top on the phone
(Whatís up my nigga?)
Cornrow Kenny he was born with a vision
All morning with the mixed dashboards triple digits
Parallel park like an alien canít visit
Slideshow for the night show ten bitches
Find hoes with a blindfold King Kendrick
So many plays on me I finesse
Palisade views with some sex
I lost a lot of love for missionary
This the first time I confess
Me and Top is like a Kobe and Phil
A father figure fuck with him you get killed
Fuck with me and he will kill you himself
TDE the mafia of the west
Move in silence yeah we jugginí like that
Act of violence yeah we jugginí like that
I did a lot of dumb shit in my past
Lord forgive me hoping I donít relapse
Dave just bought a new nine eleven
Almost thought Iíd seen another plane crash
Q just bought a brand new McLaren
Rock-a-lack about to buy the projects
Moosa got his son dripping in gold
Ali íbout to let his hair down on hoes
Me Iím about to let my hair down on hoes
Top billing thatís a million a show
Might blow the whole no whammy on Soul
Might tell Obama be more like Punch
Sounwave caught a Grammy last year
Mack wop bet he do what he want
Fuck you niggas level two Iím not done
2Teez told me that I am the one
I can put a rapper on life support
Guarantee thatís something none of you want
Ten homies down and they all serving life
Waterís like twenty-five hundred a month
What if I empty my bank out and stunt?
What if I certified all of these ones?
Bitch I get buck Iím as real as they come
Shit is amazing Iím feeding my cravings
You know that you want me come here now lilí baby
Iím fuckin Iím crazy
Serving it like I belong in the basement
Or live at the Days Inn
Yan Yan my relative black cherry soda
Pistol and poverty come get to know us
Who doing the drums?
Man put that nigga on the drums man
Yep all day Mortal Man and Kunta
Alright lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
So I met this young lady ya know when I went back home. I was tryna spit my best game to her you know give her my best cap but she kept on snapping her fingers like snaps. I said ìYou know what girl? You crazy.î Then she asked me what he said
A peace of mind
Thatís what the Asian said I need a divine
Intervention was his religion and I was surprised
Him believing in Buddha me believing in God
Asked him what are you doing he said ìtaking my timeî
Meditation is a must it donít hurt if you try
See you thinking too much plus you too full of yourself
Worried about your career you ever think of your health?
A piece of land
Thatís what the Indian said I needed demand
Telling me longevity is in the dirt should buy some property first
Should profit a better dollar with generational perks
Equity at his best really you should invest
These tangible things expire donít you expect
Income with so much outcome and yes
Look at my heritage we blessed
A piece of pussy
Thatís what the black man said I needed to push me
To the limit to satisfy my hunger
We do it all for a woman from hair cut to a wool
We like to live in the jungle like to play in the peach
What you saying to me?
He said ìnigga come back to reality for a weekî
Pussy is power fuck on a new bitch every night
I wouldnít be prouder you should allow it
A piece of mineís
Thatís what the white man wanted when I rhyme
Telling me that he selling me just for $10.99
If I go platinum from rapping I do the company fine
What if I compromise? He said it donít even matter
You make a million or more you living better than average
You losing your core following gaining it all
He put a price on my talent I hit the bank and withdraw
Hit the bank and withdraw hit the bank and withdraw
Put myself in the rocket ship and I shot for the stars
Look at what you accomplished and what he said to the boy
Iímma make you some promises that you just canít ignore
Your profession anonymous as an artist
If I donít target your market
If you ainít signing your signature when I throw you my wallet
A lot of rappers are giving their demo all in the toilet
You work toward your masterís mortgage I need a piece
I holler ìWhat you do? What you say?î
I shall enjoy the fruits of my labor if I get freed today
I holler ìWhat you do? What you say?î
I shall enjoy the fruits of my labor if I get freed today
What the black man say?
Tell íem we donít die tell íem we donít die
Tell íem we donít die we multiply
Tell íem we donít die tell íem we donít die
Tell íem we donít die we multiply
Tell íem we donít die tell íem we donít die
Tell íem we donít die we multiply
Tell íem we donít die tell íem we donít die
Tell íem we donít die lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
They say the government mislead the youth youth youth youth
And welfare donít mean well for you you you you
They tell me that my billís past due due due due
And preacher man donít always tell the truth truth truth
(Do you believe in God? If you donít itís cool)
 head is the answer head is the future
Donít second guess yourself
Come on give me some help yeah
Head is the answer head is the future
Donít second guess yourself
Come on lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Somebody said you bumped your head and bled the floor
Jumped into a pit of flames and burned to coal
Drowned inside the lake outside away you flow
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
Somebody said you bumped your head and bled the floor
Jumped into a pit of flames and burned to coal
Drowned inside the lake outside away you flow
And this I know
I got 100 on my dash got 200 in my trunk
Name in the grab bags put my Bible in the trunk
Taaka vodka on the top of my binocular Iím drunk
How can I can make them popular pop emí when I want
See Iím liviní with anxiety duckiní the sobriety
Fuckiní up the system I ainít fuckiní with society
Justice ainít free therefore justice ainít me
So I justify his name on obituary
Why you wanna see a good man with a broken heart?
Once upon a time I used to go to church and talk to God
Now Iím thinkiní to myself hollow tips is all I got
Now Iím drinkiní by myself at the intersection parked
Watch you when you walk inside your house
You threw your briefcase all on the couch
I plan on creeping through your fuckiní door and blowiní out
Every piece of your brain until your son jump in your arms
Cut on the engine then sped off in the rain
Iím gone
Somebody said you bumped your head and bled the floor
Jumped into a pit of flames and burned to coal
Drowned inside the lake outside away you flow
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
Drove alone with a bottle of his own grippiní the handle
Lit off henny Iím tryna dismantle
These wicked ways Iíve engaged in such a gamble
Cause I could speak the truth and I know the world would unravel wait
Thatís a bit ambitious maybe Iím trippiní
Maybe Iím crazy maybe I exist in a different dimension
Not to mention when I close my eyes I see the distance
Itís such a scary sight so I rarely go to sleep at night
I watch the sun rise then I watch the sun fall
Studied the son of God but still donít recognize my flaws
I guess Iím lost the cost of being successful is equal to being neglectful
I pray my experience helps you
As for me Iím tryna sort it out
Searching for loopholes in my bruised soul
But who knows?
I just need a little space to breathe
I know perception is key so I am king
The other side has never mortified my mortal mind
The borderline between insanity is father time
I fall behind my skeleton they tell me that Iím blind
I know that Iím intelligence my confidence just died
Carpe diem seize the day I canít compromise
A tape worm couldnít cure this gluttonous appetite
A couple trinkets they seein me as I pacify
But couldnít fathom the meaning of seeiní sacrifice
Iím passiní lives on a daily maybe Iím losing faith
Genocism and capitalism just made me hate
Correctionals and these private prisons gave me a date
Professional dream killers reason why Iím awake
Iím sleep walkiní Iím street stalkiní Iím outta place
Reinforcing this heat barking lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
These metamorphic supernatural forces dominate what I see
A Gemini duality personalities always conflict in me
Oh! But donít be scared of me girl
I can explain
I know itís foreign to you
I know itís hard to believe
God give me the favor
Let me explain
More than a compliment
And I could use some assistance let me show you how
I can explain
Oh shando! I spin around two times
Iíll be there with the answer
Let me explain
Iím bizarre avant-garde
Both sides of me are evenly odd
Itís attractive
Youíre intrigued
Am I mortal man or make believe?
Anything you want
I can explain
I can explain it
Any misunderstandings baby
Let me explain
I can explain it
Why donít you sit and talk to me?
I can explain
Let me explain it ah yeah
Let me explain
My mama told me that I was different the moment I was invented
Estranged baby no Iím not ashamed
I recommend every inch of your lunatic ways
Praise the lord you teach the kids how to be themself and plenty more
You know the male species can be redundant
I mean we love a woman and think we can satisfy her
Between sheets covers and pillows
Iím promising your lack of tolerance stuck on a zero
Iím promising that Iím acknowledging you as my hero
Cause you believe in me
No youíre not easily impressed
But I possess qualities that you need to see
Look at my flaws look at my flaws
Look at my imperfections in awe
Look how you think that my mystique is a round of applause
And yours equally valued
You stick out like an alien compared to those around you
And thatís alright because I like it
You and me are the same
Hopefully Iím invited hopefully you donít change
Because I know for sure who you are
I can explain
Your mama raised you your daddy raised you
Hand washing your clothes on Sunday
Let me explain
Walking your brother to school three miles away
To feed him knowledge
I can explain
Donít you explain that donít you explain the reason why your mind it travels
Let me explain
I wanna know what you think
I wanna pick your brain when I see you
But donít you ever
Let me explain
Oh shando!
I spin around two times lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Pimp pimp! 
Pimp pimp! 
Pimp pimp! 
Love wonít get you high as this
Drugs wonít get you high as this
Fame wonít get you high as this
Chains wonít get you high as this
Juice wonít get you high as this
Crew wonít get you high as this
Hate wonít get you high as this
Levitate levitate levitate levitate
Love wonít get you high as this
Drugs wonít get you high as this
Fame wonít get you high as this
Chains wonít get you high as this
Juice wonít get you high as this
Levitate levitate levitate levitate
Life wonít get you high like this here no
He wonít get you high like this here no
She wonít get you high like this here no
ìFor Free?î wonít get you high no no no
Two keys wonít get you high no no no
Bentleys wonít get you high like no
Levitate levitate levitate levitate
Life wonít get you high no no no
He wonít get you high no no no
She wonít get you high no no no
For free wonít get you high no no no
Two keys wonít get you high no no no
Bentleys wonít get you high no no no
Bars wonít get you high no no no
Levitate levitate levitate levitate
Shut your fuckiní mouth and get some cash you bitch you
You be in your feelings I be in my bag you bitch you
Santaís reindeer better have some ass you bitch you
Everything Iím working gotta be the gas you bitch you
Shut your fuckiní mouth and get some cash you bitch
You be in your feelings I be in my bag you bitch
Santaís reindeer better have some ass you bitch
Everything Iím working gotta be the
Levitate levitate levitate levitate
Me donít want problems 
Me donít want tricks 
Me do want dollars 
Me want it big 
Me donít want problems 
Me donít want tricks 
Me do want dollars 
Levitate levitate levitate levitate
We donít want problems 
We donít want tricks 
We do want dollars 
We do it big 
We do it big 
We do it big 
We donít want problems 
Levitate levitate levitate levitate
Compton is where Iím from
Is where Iím from is where Iím from
Yeah yeah
Young Egypt
Look look
I feel like Pacino in Godfather Iím charged
Our father who art in Heaven Kendrick at large
Came in the game with a plan of beatiní the odds
What an accomplishment broken promises
Kept my focus anonymous till I dealt with the consequence
The greatest and latest mogul you know what time it is
You niggas fear me like yíall fear God
You sound frantic I hear panic in your voice
Just know the mechanics of making your choice and writiní your bars
Before you poke out your chest loosen your bra
Before you step out of line and dance with the star
I could never end a career if it never start
The murderous capital avenues lookiní like evil dead zombies
With batteries to the head
The flattery of watchiní my stock rise
The salary the compensation tripled my cock size
I run through these stop signs with no brake fluid
Just premium gas do it for dolo
Crash markets and prejudiced tags look at my photo
Black excellence pessimist died countiní my coin
Hope itís evident that I inspired a thousand emcees to do better
I blew cheddar on youth centers buildings and Bimmers and blue leather
Forecasted my future this is the future
The mastermind until my next album more power to you
Gunshots
Come on come on come on
Come on come on come on come on come on
Come on come on come on come on come on
Come on come on come on come on
Come on
This is a fifteen minute song
Weíre just jamminí out we on stage
Taz we just jamminí out
Hundred thousand
Hundred thousand you gotta see it!
Look look look go back to the down note
They all sing this shit everybody
Now I donít let you down and for
You see you see you see you see
But I donít shake you down dog for you you you you
They say the government ainít the truth truth truth truth
And the politicians always mislead the youth youth youth youth
But head is the answer
Head is the future
Donít second guess yourself
Come on give me some help
Hey one more time band I need yíall to help me out right now
Head is the answer
Head is the future itís the future that nigga said
Donít second guess yourself
Come on give me some help
Say come on come on come on come on come on
Come on come on my background singer
Come on come on come on come on
Come on come on come on come on come on
I said girl you make me wanna uh
The ho screaming now
I said baby you make..
You make me wanna just AHHH!
Baby you got me speechless right now
Laughs
I gotta take it there I ainít even playiní no more
Said you just make me wanna Drake you down
To the ground to the ground ground
Like bam bam bam bam bam
You just make me wanna Drake you down
Down around like bam bam bam bam bam
And baby if your mamaís around if your mamaís around
If your mamaís around if your mamaís around
Tell her tell her
No discrimination sheís young nigga chasiní
And she can get this dick too!
I said come on come on come on come on come on come on
Yeah nigga
You gotta do it man
We gonna lay that shit
We gonna lay that shit lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Why so sad?
Walking around with them blue faces
She said Iím down on my luck
And itís something I gotta have
Blue faces
I hit the bank today and told them color me bad
Blue faces
Get that new money and itís breaking me down honey
Two tears in the bucket I cry with you
But I could never lie with you
I could never afford not to afford
I could never put my plans to the side with you
I could never see a red light
Like a deer with a headlight
I freeze up when I re-up
See I barely have patience
And you're relating
Only the moment to complete us
Why you hate to work for it?
The reason I never went to work for it
See a nine to five was so jive turkey
But when Thanksgiving came that check didnít hurt me
You plead the fifth
I read the Fifth Amendment
We both criminals with bad intentions
They say time heals all
But if I can shortcut
My success Corvettes by tomorrow
Why so sad?
Walking around with them blue faces
She said Iím down on my luck
And itís something I gotta have
Blue faces
I hit the bank today and told them color me bad
Blue faces
Get that new money and itís breaking me down honey
My home girl got a credit card scam
She got a scholarship to college but she donít give a damn
Intuition she got a broke bitch wishin'
She tell me this on the phone with the noodles in the pan
I know you woman I console you woman
You feel like the universe owes you woman
Oh the anticipation of hoping you could make it
Bitches don't prosper chasing education
But you're talented and can't handle it
And your homegirls can't be your manager
365 times four plus more
If yan't get it right tell me do you got the stamina?
But shit ain't no money like fast money
Even today I'm considered a crash dummy
A rapper chasing stardom how can I fast forward?
My accolades better than all them
Why so sad?
Walking around with them blue faces
She said Iím down on my luck
And itís something I gotta have
Blue faces
I hit the bank today and told them color me bad
Blue faces
Get that new money and itís breaking me down honey
I wrote this song looking at a broke home baby
You know the poverty stricken the little broke boy and babies
Somebody yell "Kendrick American they shoí is crazy"
And I said ìwhy?î
Then he looked me in the eye and said 
Youíre banking on good luck you wishing for miracles
You never been through shit youíre crying hysterical
You settle for everything complain about everything
You say you sold crack my world amphetamine
Your projects ainít shit I live in a hut bitch
I'm living to keep warm you living to pay rent
I paid my way through by waiting on Allah
You played your way through by living in sci-fi
Bullshitting yourself you talking to strangers
Same thing goes for the ones you came with
When y'all came on the boat looking for hope
And all you can say is that youíre looking for dope
These days ainít no compromise
And your pain ainít mines half the time
A brand new excuse ainít shit to me
Bitch I made my moves with shackled feet
Cape Town
In today's day and age we practice the self pity of taking the easy way out
You wait on them him and her
But when a blessing takes too long that's when you go wrong
You selfish motherfucker
Why so sad?
Walking around with them blue faces
She said Iím down on my luck
And itís something I gotta have
Blue faces
I hit the bank today and told them color me bad
Blue faces
Get that new money lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Is it wickedness?
Is it weakness?
You decide
Are we gonna live or die?
So I was takin' a walk the other day and I seen a woman-a blind woman-pacin' up and down the sidewalk. She seemed to be a bit frustrated as if she had dropped somethin' and havin' a hard time findin' it. So after watchin' her struggle for a while I decide to go over and lend a helping hand you know? "Hello ma'am can I be of any assistance? It seems to me that you have lost something. I would like to help you find it.Oh yes you have lost something. You've lost... your life."
Is it wickedness?
Lamar stated his views on police brutality with that line in the song quote: "And we hate the popo wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'..."
Oh please ugh lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I got I got I got I got
Loyalty got royalty inside my DNA
Cocaine quarter piece got war and peace inside my DNA
I got power poison pain and joy inside my DNA
I got hustle though ambition flow inside my DNA
I was born like this since one like this
Immaculate conception
I transform like this perform like this
Was Yeshua's new weapon
I don't contemplate I meditate then off your fucking head
This that put-the-kids-to-bed
This that I got I got I got I got
Realness I just kill shit 'cause it's in my DNA
I got millions I got riches buildin' in my DNA
I got dark I got evil that rot inside my DNA
I got off I got troublesome heart inside my DNA
I just win again then win again like Wimbledon I serve
Yeah that's him again the sound that engine in is like a bird
You see fireworks and Corvette tire skrrt the boulevard
I know how you work I know just who you are
See you's a you's a you's a-
Bitch your hormones probably switch inside your DNA
Problem is all that sucker shit inside your DNA
Daddy probably snitched heritage inside your DNA
Backbone don't exist born outside a jellyfish I gauge
See my pedigree most definitely don't tolerate the front
Shit I've been through probably offend you
This is Paula's oldest son
I know murder conviction
Burners boosters burglars ballers dead redemption
Scholars fathers dead with kids
And I wish I was fed forgiveness
Yeah yeah yeah yeah soldier's DNA
Born inside the beast
My expertise checked out in second grade
When I was 9 on-sale motel we didn't have nowhere to stay
At 29 I've done so well hit cartwheel in my estate
And I'm gon' shine like I'm supposed to
Antisocial extrovert
And excellent mean the extra work
And absentness what the fuck you heard
And pessimists never struck my nerve
And that's a riff gonna plead this case
The reason my power's here on earth
Salute the truth when the prophet say
I got loyalty got royalty inside my DNA
This is why I say that hip hop has done more damage to young African Americans than racism in recent years
I got loyalty got royalty inside my DNA
I live a better life I'm rollin' several dice fuck your life
I got loyalty got royalty inside my DNA
I live a better fuck your life
5 4 3 2 1
This is my heritage all I'm inheritin'
Money and power the mecca of marriages
Tell me somethin'
You motherfuckers can't tell me nothin'
I'd rather die than to listen to you
My DNA not for imitation
Your DNA an abomination
This how it is when you're in the Matrix
Dodgin' bullets reapin' what you sow
And stackin' up the footage livin' on the go
And sleepin' in a villa
Sippin' from a Grammy and walkin' in the buildin'
Diamond in the ceilin' marble on the floors
Beach inside the window peekin' out the window
Baby in the pool godfather goals
Only Lord knows I've been goin' hammer
Dodgin' paparazzi freakin' through the cameras
Eat at Four Daughters Brock wearin' sandals
Yoga on a Monday stretchin' to Nirvana
Watchin' all the snakes curvin' all the fakes
Phone never on I don't conversate
I don't compromise I just penetrate
Sex money murder-these are the breaks
These are the times level number 9
Look up in the sky 10 is on the way
Sentence on the way killings on the way
Motherfucker I got winners on the way
You ain't shit without a body on your belt
You ain't shit without a ticket on your plate
You ain't sick enough to pull it on yourself
You ain't rich enough to hit the lot and skate
Tell me when destruction gonna be my fate
Gonna be your fate gonna be our faith
Peace to the world let it rotate
Sex money murder-our DNA
DNA
Gimme some ganja gimme some ganja
DNA
Gimme some ganja
Real nigga in my DNA
Ain't no ho inside my DNA
Drippin' gold inside my DNA
Power shows inside my DNA
DNA
Gimme some ganja lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
New shit new Kung Fu Kenny
I got so many theories and suspicions
I'm diagnosed with real nigga conditions
Today is the day I follow my intuition
Keep the family close-get money fuck bitches
I double parked the Aston in the red
My mama told me that I'ma work myself to death
My girl told me don't let these hoes get in my head
My world been ecstatic I checked the signal that read-
Buzzin' radars is buzzin'
Yah yah yah yah
Yah yah yah yah yah yah
Buzzin' radars is buzzin'
Yah yah yah yah
Yah yah yah yah yah yah
Interviews wanna know my thoughts and opinions
Fox News wanna use my name for percentage
My latest muse is my niece she worth livin'
See me on the TV and scream: 
Yeah that's the business
Somebody tell Geraldo this nigga got some ambition
I'm not a politician I'm not 'bout a religion
I'm a Israelite don't call me Black no mo'
That word is only a color it ain't facts no mo'
My cousin called my cousin Carl Duckworth
Said know my worth
And Deuteronomy say that we all been cursed
I know he walks the Earth
But it's money to get bitches to hit yah
Zeroes to flip temptation is yah
First on my list I can't resist yah
Everyone together now know that we forever-
Buzzin' radars is buzzin'
Yah yah yah yah
Yah yah yah yah yah yah
Buzzin' radars is buzzin'
Yah yah yah yah
Yah yah yah yah yah lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
New Kung Fu Kenny
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Y'all know what happens on Earth stays on Earth
Here we go
I don't give a fuck I don't give a fuck
I don't give a I don't give a I don't give a fuck
I'm willin' to die for this shit
I done cried for this shit might take a life for this shit
Put the Bible down and go eye for an eye for this shit
D.O.T. my enemy won't catch a vibe for this shit ayy
I been stomped out in front of my mama
My daddy commissary made it to commas
Bitch all my grandmas dead
So ain't nobody prayin' for me I'm on your head ayy
30 millions later know the feds watchin'
Auntie on my telegram like 
I be hangin' out at Tam's I be on Stockton
I don't do it for the 'Gram I do it for Compton
I'm willin' to die for this shit nigga
I'll take your fuckin' life for this shit nigga
We ain't goin' back to broke family sellin' dope
That's why you maney ass rap niggas better know
If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga I'mma make it look sexy
If I gotta go hard on a bitch I'mma make it look sexy
I pull up hop out air out made it look sexy
They won't take me out my element
Nah take me out my element
I'm allergic to a bitch nigga ayy
An imaginary rich nigga ayy
Seven figures ho that's slimmer than my bitch figure ayy
Goin' digital and physical on all y'all ayy
Bunch of criminals and money in my phone calls ayy
We okay we let the A1 fly
Relocate jump on the same G5
Checkin' for me heavy 'cause I go yeah I go yeah
They never been ready yeah I know yeah I know yeah
100K spread 'cross the floor 'cross the floor yeah
None of y'all fuckin' with the flow yeah the flow yeah
Years in the makin' and don't y'all mistake it
I got 'em by a landslide we talkin' 'bout races
You know this'll never be a tie just look at their laces
You know careers take off just gotta be patient
Mister one through five that's the only logic
Fake my death go to Cuba that's the only option
If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga I'mma make it look sexy
If I gotta go hard on a bitch I'mma make it look sexy
I pull up hop out air out made it look sexy
They won't take me out my element
Nah take me out my element
Damned if I do if I don't ya
Goddamn us all if you won't ya
Damn damn damn it's a goddamn shame
You ain't frontline get out the goddamn way
Niggas thought they weren't gonna see me huh?
Niggas thought that K-Dot real life was the same life they see on TV huh?
Niggas wanna flex on me and be in LA for free huh?
Next time they hit the 10 freeway we need receipt huh?
'Cause most of y'all ain't real
Most of y'all go squeal
Most of y'all just envy but jealousy get you killed
Most of y'all throw rocks and try to hide your hand
Just say his name and I promise that you'll see Candyman
Because it's all in your eyes
Most of y'all tell lies
Most of y'all don't fade
Most of y'all been advised
Last LP I tried to lift the black artist
But it's a difference 'tween black artist and wack artist
If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga I'mma make it look sexy
It's the one and only the world's greatest the Kid Capri
If I gotta go hard on a bitch I'mma make it look sexy
I pull up hop out air out made it look sexy
They won't take me out my element
Nah lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
I feel like a chip on my shoulders
I feel like I'm losin' my focus
I feel like I'm losin' my patience
I feel like my thoughts in the basement
Feel like I feel like you're miseducated
Feel like I don't wanna be bothered
I feel like you may be the problem
I feel like it ain't no tomorrow fuck the world
The world is endin' I'm done pretendin'
And fuck you if you get offended
I feel like friends been overrated
I feel like the family been fakin'
I feel like the feelings are changin'
Feel like my thought of compromise is jaded
Feel like you wanna scrutinize how I made it
Feel like I ain't feelin' you all
Feel like removin' myself no feelings involved
I feel for you I've been in the field for you
It's real for you right? Shit I feel like-
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin'
I feel niggas been out of pocket
I feel niggas tappin' they pockets
I feel like debating on who the greatest can stop it
I am legend I feel like all of y'all is peasants
I feel like all of y'all is desperate
I feel like all it take is a second to feel like
Mike Jordan whenever holdin' a real mic
I ain't feelin' your presence
Feel like I'mma learn you a lesson
Feel like only me and the music though
I feel like your feelin' ain't mutual
I feel like the enemy you should know
Feel like the feelin' of no hope
The feelin' of bad dope
A quarter ounce manipulated from soap
The feelin' the feelin' of false freedom
I'll force-feed 'em the poison that fill 'em up in the prison
I feel like it's just me
Look I feel like I can't breathe
Look I feel like I can't sleep
Look I feel heartless often off this
Feelin' of fallin' of fallin' apart with
Darkest hours lost it
Fillin' the void of bein' employed with ballin'
Streets is talkin' fill in the blanks with coffins
Fill up the banks with dollars
Fill up the graves with fathers
Fill up the babies with bullshit
Internet blogs and pulpit fill 'em with gossip
I feel like this gotta be the feelin' what 'Pac was
The feelin' of an apocalypse happenin'
But nothin' is awkward the feelin' won't prosper
The feelin' is toxic I feel like I'm boxin' demons
Monsters false prophets schemin'
Sponsors industry promises
Niggas bitches honkies crackers Compton
Church religion token blacks in bondage
Lawsuit visits subpoena served in concert
Fuck your feelings I mean this for imposters
I can feel it the phoenix sure to watch us
I can feel it the dream is more than process
I can put a regime that forms a Loch Ness
I can feel it the scream that haunts our logic
I feel like say somethin' I feel like take somethin'
I feel like skatin' off lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I said I'm geeked and I'm fired up (fired fire)
All I want tonight is just get high up (high high high)
Girl you look so good it's to die for 
Ooh that pussy good it's to die for 
It's a secret society
All we ask is trust
All we got is us
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
Kung Fu Kenny now
My resume is real enough for two millenniums
A better way to make a wave stop defendin' them
I meditate and moderate all of my wins again
I'm hangin' on the fence again
I'm always on your mind
I put my lyric and my lifeline on the line
And ain't no limit when I might shine might grind
You rollin' with it at the right time right now
Bad girl RiRi now
Swerve swerve swerve swerve deeper now
On your pulse like it's EDM
Gas in the bitch like it's premium
Haul ass on a bitch all in the fast lane
Been a bad bitch way before any cash came
I'm established
Hundred carats on my name
Run the atlas I'm a natural I'm alright
I'm a savage I'm a asshole I'm a king
Shimmy-yeah shimmy-yeah shimmy-yeah rock 
You can tell your nigga he can meet me outside 
You can babysit him when I leave him outside
Ain't no other love like the one I know
I done been down so long lost hope
I done came down so hard I slowed
Honesty forever all a real nigga want
I said I'm geeked and I'm fired up (fired fire)
All I want tonight is just get high up 
(All I want is all I want is)
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
(10-4 no switchin' sides)
Feel somethin' wrong
(You actin' shifty you don't ride)
With me no more I need
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
Tell me who you loyal to
Is it money? Is it fame? Is it weed? Is it drink?
Is it comin' down with the loud pipes and the rain?
Big chillin' only for the power in your name
Tell me who you loyal to
Is it love for the streets when the lights get dark?
Is it unconditional when the 'Rari don't start?
Tell me when your loyalty is comin' from the heart
Tell me who you loyal to
Do it start with your woman or your man? 
Do it end with your family and friends? 
Or you're loyal to yourself in advance?
I said tell me who you loyal to
Is it anybody that you would lie for?
Anybody you would slide for?
Anybody you would die for?
That's what God for
I said I'm geeked and I'm fired up (fired fire)
All I want tonight is just get high up
(All I want is all I want is)
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
10-4 no switchin' sides
Feel somethin' wrong
You actin' shifty you don't ride
With me no more I need
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
Loyalty loyalty loyalty
It's so hard to be humble
It's so hard to be
Lord knows I'm tryin'
Lord knows I'm dyin' lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Love's gonna get you killed
But pride's gonna be the death of you and you and me
And you and you and you and me
And you and you and you and me
And you and you and you and me and-
Me I wasn't taught to share but care
(In another life I surely was there)
Me I wasn't taught to share but care
(I care I care)
Hell-raising wheel-chasing new worldy possessions
Flesh-making spirit-breaking which one would you lessen?
The better part the human heart
You love 'em or dissect 'em
Happiness or flashiness? How do you serve the question?
See in the perfect world I would be perfect world
I don't trust people enough beyond they surface world
I don't love people enough to put my faith in men
I put my faith in these lyrics hoping I make amend
I understand I ain't perfect
I probably won't come around
This time I might put you down
Last time I ain't give a fuck I still feel the same now
My feelings might go numb you're dealing with cold thumb
I'm willing to give up a leg and arm and show empathy from
Pity parties and functions and you and yours
A perfect world you probably live another 24
I can't fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure
I can't fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure
Me I wasn't taught to share but care
In another life I surely was there
Me I wasn't taught to share but care
(I care I care)
Maybe I wasn't there
Maybe I wasn't there
Maybe I wasn't there
Maybe I wasn't there
Now in a perfect world I probably won't be insensitive
Cold as December but never remember what Winter did
I wouldn't blame you for mistakes I made or the bed I laid
Seems like I point the finger just to make a point nowadays
Smiles and cold stares the temperature goes there
Indigenous disposition feel like we belong here
I know the walls they can listen I wish they could talk back
The hurt becomes repetition the love almost lost that
Sick venom in men and women overcome with pride
A perfect world is never perfect only filled with lies
Promises are broken and more resentment come alive
Race barriers make inferior of you and I
See in a perfect world I'll choose faith over riches
I'll choose work over bitches I'll make schools out of prison
I'll take all the religions and put 'em all in one service
Just to tell 'em we ain't shit but He's been perfect world
Me I wasn't taught to share but care
(In another life I surely was there)
Me I wasn't taught to share but care
(I care lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
 Wicked or weakness you gotta see this waaaaay (yeah yeah!)
 Nobody pray for me it been that day for me waaaaay (yeah yeah!)
Aye tastes like kool aid for the analysts
Girl I can buy your ass the world with my paystub
Ooh that pussy good won't you sit it on my taste bloods
I get way too petty once you let me do the extras
Pull up on your block then break it down we playing Tetris
A.M. to the P.M. P.M. to the A.M. funk
Piss out your per diem you just gotta hate em funk
If I quit your BM I still ride Mercedes funk
If I quit this season I still be the greatest funk
My left stroke just went viral
Right stroke put lil baby in a spiral
Soprano C we like to keep it on a high note
It's levels to it you and I know bitch be humble
 sit down
(Hol' up lil bitch hol' up lil bitch) be humble
 sit down 
Be humble 
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up hol' up) bitch sit down
Lil bitch  be humble
 sit down
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up hol' up) be humble
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up hol' up lil bitch) sit down
 be humble
 sit down 
 be humble
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up hol' up lil bitch) bitch sit down
 be humble
 sit down
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up hol' up)
Who dat nigga thinking that he fronting on man man 
Get the fuck off my stage I'm the sandman 
Get the fuck off my dick that ain't right
I make a play fucking up your whole life
I'm so fucking sick and tired of the Photoshop
Show me something natural like afro on Richard Pryor
Show me something natural like ass with some stretch marks
Still will take you down right on your mamma's couch in polo socks aye
This shit way too crazy aye
You do not amaze me aye
I blew cool from AC aye
Obama just paged me aye
I don't fabricate it aye
Most of ya'll be faking aye
I stay modest bout it aye
She elaborate it aye
This that Grey Poupon that Evian that Ted Talk aye
Watch my soul speak you let the meds talk aye
If I kill a nigga it won't be the alcohol aye
I'm the realest nigga after all bitch be humble
 sit down
(Hol' up lil bitch hol' up lil bitch) be humble
 sit down 
Be humble 
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up hol' up) bitch sit down
  be humble
 sit down
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up hol' up) be humble
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up hol' up lil bitch) sit down
 be humble
 sit down 
 be humble
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up hol' up lil bitch) bitch sit down
 be humble
 sit down
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I need some water
Somethin' came over me
Way too hot to simmer down
Might as well overheat
Too close to comfort
As blood rush my favorite vein
Heartbeat racin' like a junkie's
I just need you to want me
Am I askin' too much?
Let me put the head in
Ooh I don't want more than that
Girl I respect the cat
I promise just a touch
Let me put the head in
If it's okay
She said 
Yeah I need everybody's motherfuckin' hands up right now
I need everybody's motherfuckin'-
Door and his Nike Air Rattles
Rush the fire exit no time for battles
Well I I never expected
This that new shit
This that new new shit
Wake up in the mornin'
Thinkin' 'bout money kick your feet up
Watch you a comedy take a shit then roll some weed up
Go hit you a lick go fuck on a bitch
Don't go to work today cop you a fit
Or maybe some kicks and make you-
Door in his Nike Air Rattles
Rush the fire exit no time for battles
Well I I never expected
Wake up in the mornin'
Thinkin' 'bout money kick your feet up
Watch you a comedy- hol' up!
Wake up in the mornin'
Thinkin' 'bout money kick your feet up
Watch you a comedy take a shit then roll some weed up
Go hit you a lick go fuck on a bitch don't go to work today
Cop you a fit or maybe some kicks and make it work today
Hang with your homies stunt on your baby mama
Sip some lean go get a pistol shoot out the window
Bet your favorite team play you some Madden
Go to the club or your mama house
Whatever you doin' just make it count
Wake up in the mornin'
Thinkin' 'bout money kick your feet up
Hop in the shower put on your makeup lace your weave up
Touch on yourself call up your nigga tell him he ain't shit
Credit card scam get you a Visa make him pay your rent
Hop on the 'Gram flex on the bitches that be hatin' on you
Pop you a pill call up your bitches have 'em waitin' on you
Go to the club have you some fun make that ass bounce
It's whatever just make it count
I need some water
Somethin' came over me
Way too hot to simmer down
Might as well overheat
Too close to comfort
As blood rush my favorite vein
Heartbeat racin' like a junkie's
I just need you to want me
Am I askin' too much?
Let me put the head in
Ooh I don't want more than that
Girl I respect the cat
I promise just a touch
Let me put the head in
If it's okay
She said 
I wake in the mornin' my head spinnin' from the last night
Both in the trance feelings I did-what a fast life!
Manager called the lobby called it's 11: 30
Did this before promised myself I'd be a hour early
Room full of clothes bag full of money: call it loose change
Fumbled my jewelry 100k I lost a new chain
Hop on the bird hit the next city for another M
Take me a nap and do it again
We all woke up tryna tune to the daily news
Lookin' for confirmation hopin' election wasn't true
All of us worried all of us buried and our feeling's deep
None of us married to his proposal make us feel cheap
Still and sad distraught and mad tell the neighbor 'bout it
Bet they agree parade the streets with your voice proudly
Time passin' things change
Revertin' back to our daily programs stuck in our ways; Lust
Lately I feel like I been lustin' over the fame
Lately we lust on the same routine of shame
Lately lately lately my lust been hidin' 
Lately it's all contradiction
Lately I'm not here
Lately I lust over self
Lust turn into fear
Lately in James 4: 4 says
Friend of the world is enemy of the Lord
Brace yourself lust is all yours
I need some water
Somethin' came over me
Way too high to simmer down
Might as well overheat
Too close to comfort
As blood rush my favorite vein
Heartbeat racin' like a junkie's
I just need you to want me
Am I askin' too much?
Let me put the head in
Ooh I don't want more than that
Girl I respect the cat
I promise just a touch
Let me put the head in
If it's okay
She said lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Damn love or lust
Damn all of us
Give me a run for my money
There is nobody no one to outrun me
So give me a run for my money
Sippin' bubbly feelin' lovely livin' lovely
Just love me
(I wanna be with you ay I wanna be with)
Just love me just love me just love me
(I wanna be with you ay I wanna be with)
Love me
Love me just love me
If I didn't ride blade on curb would you still ?
If I minimized my net worth would you still ?
Keep it a hundred I'd rather you trust me than to 
Keep it a whole one hund': don't got you I got nothin'
Ay I got somethin'
Hold up we gon' function no assumptions
Feelin' like Tyson with it
Knock it out twice I'm with it
Only for the night I'm kiddin'
Only for life you're a homie for life
You're a homie for life let's get it
Hit that shoulder lean
I know what comin' over mean
Backstroke oversea
I know what you need
Already on ten our money come in
All feeling go out this feeling don't drought
This party won't end
If I didn't ride blade on curb would you still ?
If I minimized my net worth would you still ?
Keep it a hundred I'd rather you trust me than to 
Keep it a whole one hund': don't got you I got nothin'
Give me a run for my money
There is nobody no one to outrun me
So give me a run for my money
Sippin' bubbly feelin' lovely livin' lovely
Just love me
(I wanna be with you ay I wanna be with)
Just love me just love me just love me
(I wanna be with you ay I wanna be with)
Love me
Love me just love me
I'm on the way
We ain't got no time to waste
Poppin' your gum on the way
Am I in the way?
I don't wan' pressure you none
I want your blessing today
Oh by the way open the door by the way
Told you that I'm on the way
I'm on the way I know connection is vague
Pick up the phone for me babe
Damn it we jammin'
Bad attitude from your nanny
Curves and your hips from your mammy
Remember Gardena I took the studio camera
I know Top will be mad at me
I had to do it I want your body your music
I bought the big one to prove it
Look what you made
Told you that I'm on the way
I'm like an exit away yep
If I didn't ride blade on curb would you still ?
If I minimized my net worth would you still ?
Keep it a hundred I'd rather you trust me than to 
Keep it a whole one hund': don't got you I got nothin'
Give me a run for my money
There is nobody no one to outrun me
So give me a run for my money
Sippin' bubbly feelin' lovely livin' lovely
Just love me
(I wanna be with you ay I wanna be with)
Just love me just love me just love me
(I wanna be with you ay I wanna be with)
Love me
Love me lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
America God bless you if it's good to you
America please take my hand
Can you help me underst-
 New Kung Fu Kenny
Throw a steak off the ark
To a pool full of sharks he'll take it
Leave him in the wilderness
With a sworn nemesis he'll make it
Take the gratitude from him
I bet he'll show you somethin' whoa
I'll chip a nigga little bit of nothin'
I'll chip a nigga little bit of nothin'
I'll chip a nigga little bit of nothin'
I'll chip a nigga then throw the blower in his lap
Walk myself to the court like "Bitch I did that!"
X-rated
Johnny don't wanna go to school no mo' no mo'
Johnny said books ain't cool no mo' 
Johnny wanna be a rapper like his big cousin
Johnny caught a body yesterday out hustlin'
God bless America you know we all love him
Yesterday I got a call like from my dog like 101
Said they killed his only son because of insufficient funds
He was sobbin' he was mobbin' way belligerent and drunk
Talkin' out his head philosphin' on what the Lord had done
He said: "K-Dot can you pray for me?
It's been a fucked up day for me
I know that you anointed show me how to overcome."
He was lookin' for some closure
Hopin' I could bring him closer
To the spiritual my spirit do no better but I told him
"I can't sugarcoat the answer for you this is how I feel:
If somebody kill my son that mean somebody gettin' killed."
Tell me what you do for love loyalty and passion of
All the memories collected moments you could never touch
I'll wait in front a niggas spot and watch him hit his block
I'll catch a nigga leavin' service if that's all I got
I'll chip a nigga then throw the blower in his lap
Walk myself to the court like "Bitch I did that!"
Ain't no Black Power when your baby killed by a coward
I can't even keep the peace don't you fuck with one of ours
It be murder in the street it be bodies in the hour
Ghetto bird be on the street paramedics on the dial
Let somebody touch my mama
Touch my sister touch my woman
Touch my daddy touch my niece
Touch my nephew touch my brother
You should chip a nigga then throw the blower in his lap
Matter fact I'm 'bout to speak at this convention
Call you back-
Alright kids we're gonna talk about gun control
 Damn!
It's not a place
This country is to be a sound of drum and bass
You close your eyes to look around
Hail Mary Jesus and Joseph
The great American flag
Is wrapped and dragged with explosives
Compulsive disorder sons and daughters
Barricaded blocks and borders
Look what you taught us!
It's murder on my street your street back streets
Wall Street corporate offices
Banks employees and bosses with
Homicidal thoughts; Donald Trump's in office
We lost Barack and promised to never doubt him again
But is America honest or do we bask in sin?
Pass the gin I mix it with American blood
Then bash him in you Crippin' or you married to blood?
I'll ask again-oops-accident
It's nasty when you set us up
Then roll the dice then bet us up
You overnight the big rifles then tell Fox to be scared of us
Gang members or terrorists et cetera et cetera
America's reflections of me lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I don't think I could find a way to make it on this earth
What's up family? Yeah it's yo cousin Carl man just givin' you a call man. I know you been havin' a lot on yo mind lately and I know you feel like you know people ain't been prayin' for you. But you have to understand this man that we are a cursed people. Deuteronomy 28: 28 says "The Lord shall smite thee with madness and blindness and astonishment of heart." See family that's why you feel like you feel like you got a chip on your shoulder. Until you finally get the memo you will always feel that way...
Why God why God do I gotta suffer?
Pain in my heart carry burdens full of struggle
Why God why God do I gotta bleed?
Every stone thrown at you restin' at my feet
Why God why God do I gotta suffer?
Earth is no more won't you burn this muh'fucka?
I don't think I could find a way to make it on this earth
I beat yo ass keep talkin' back
I beat yo ass who bought you that?
You stole it I beat yo ass if you say that game is broken
I beat yo ass if you jump on my couch
I beat yo ass if you walk in this house
With tears in your eyes runnin' from Poo Poo and Prentice
Go back outside I beat yo ass lil nigga
That homework better be finished I beat yo ass
Your teachers better not be bitchin' 'bout you in class
That pizza better not be wasted you eat it all
That TV better not be loud if you got it on
Them Jordans better not get dirty when I just bought 'em
Better not hear 'bout you humpin' on Keisha's daughter
Better not hear you got caught up
I beat yo ass you better not run to your father
I beat yo ass you know my patience runnin' thin
I got beaucoup payments to make
County building's on my ass
Tryna take my food stamps away
I beat yo ass if you tell them social workers he live here
I beat yo ass if I beat yo ass twice and you still here
Seven years old think you run this house by yourself?
Nigga you gon' fear me if you don't fear no one else
If I could smoke fear away I'd roll that mothafucka up
And then I'd take two puffs
I'm high now I'm high now
I'm high now I'm high now
Life's a bitch pull them panties to the side now
I don't think I could find a way to make it on this earth
I'll prolly die anonymous
I'll prolly die with promises
I'll prolly die walkin' back home from the candy house
I'll prolly die because these colors are standin' out
I'll prolly die because I ain't know Demarcus was snitchin'
I'll prolly die at these house parties fuckin' with bitches
I'll prolly die from witnesses leavin' me falsed accused
I'll prolly die from thinkin' that me and your hood was cool
Or maybe die from pressin' the line actin' too extra
Or maybe die because these smokers
Are more than desperate
I'll prolly die from one of these bats and blue badges
Body slammed on black and white paint my bones snappin'
Or maybe die from panic or die from bein' too lax
Or die from waitin' on it die 'cause I'm movin' too fast
I'll prolly die tryna buy weed at the apartments
I'll prolly die tryna diffuse two homies arguin'
I'll prolly die 'cause that's what you do when you're 17
All worries in a hurry I wish I controlled things
If I could smoke fear away I'd roll that mothafucka up
And then I'd take two puffs
I've been hungry all my life
I'm high now I'm high now
I'm high now I'm high now
Life's a bitch pull them panties to the side now
Now...
When I was 27 I grew accustomed to more fear
Accumulated 10 times over throughout the years
My newfound life made all of me magnified
How many accolades do I need to block denial?
The shock value of my success put bolts in me
All this money is God playin' a joke on me?
Is it for the moment and will he see me as Job?
Take it from me and leave me worse than I was before?
At 27 my biggest fear was losin' it all
Scared to spend money had me sleepin' from hall to hall
Scared to go back to Section 8 with my mama stressin'
30 shows a month and I still won't buy me no Lexus
What is an advisor? Somebody that's holdin' my checks
Just to fuck me over and put my finances in debt?
I read a case about Rihanna's accountant and wondered
How did the bad girl feel when she looked at them numbers?
The type of shit'll make me flip out
And just kill somethin' drill somethin'
Get ill and fill ratchets with a lil' somethin'
I practiced runnin' from fear guess I had some good luck
At 27 years old my biggest fear was bein' judged
How they look at me reflect on myself my family my city
What they say 'bout me reveal
If my reputation would miss me
What they see from me
Would trickle down generations in time
What they hear from me
Would make 'em highlight my simplest lines
I'm talkin' fear fear of losin' creativity
I'm talkin' fear fear of missin' out on you and me
I'm talkin' fear fear of losin' loyalty from pride
'Cause my DNA won't let me involve in the light of God
I'm talkin' fear fear that my humbleness is gone
I'm talkin' fear fear that love ain't livin' here no more
I'm talkin' fear fear that it's wickedness or weakness
Fear whatever it is both is distinctive
Fear what happens on Earth stays on Earth
And I can't take these feelings with me
So hopefully they disperse
Within fourteen tracks carried out over wax
Searchin' for resolutions until somebody get back
Fear what happens on Earth stays on Earth
And I can't take these feelings with me
So hopefully they disperse
Within fourteen tracks carried out over wax
Wonderin' if I'm livin' through fear or livin' through rap
Damn
Goddamn you
Goddamn me
Goddamn us
Goddamn we
Goddamn us all
Verse two says you only have I known of all the families of the Earth therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities. So until we come back to these commandments until you come back to these commandments we're gonna feel this way we're gonna be under this curse. Because he said he's gonna punish us the so-called Blacks Hispanics and Native American Indians are the true children of Israel. We are the Israelites according to the Bible. The children of Israel he's gonna punish us for our iniquities for our disobedience because we chose to follow other gods that aren't his son so the Lord thy God chasten thee. So just like you chasten your own son he's gonna chastise you because he loves you. So that's why we get chastised that's why we're in the position we're in. Until we come back to these laws statutes and commandments and do what the Lord said these curses are gonna be upon us. We're gonna be at a lower state in this life that we live here in today in the United States of America. I love you son and I pray for you. God bless you lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
This what God feel like huh yeah
Laughin' to the bank like  huh yeah
Flex on swole like  huh yeah
You feel some type of way then a-ha!
Huh yeah (a-ha-ha a-ha-ha)
Ever since a young man
All I wanted to be was a gunman
Shootin' up the charts better run man
Y'all gotta see that I won man
Slick as El DeBarge with the finger waves work it JT
Handle bars like a fade watch me work it JT
I'm at large runnin' plays like a circuit JT
I'm sellin' verses JT watch me work it JT
Look lookÖ hol' up!
Don't judge me my mama caught me with a strap
Don't judge me I was young fuckin' all the rats
Don't judge me aimin' at your head for a stack
Donít judge! Don't judge me!
Now my home got a Valley peak
Don't judge me if I press your line you a freak
Don't judge me won't you tell a friend y'all gon' see
This what God feel like huh yeah
Laughin' to the bank like  huh yeah
Flex on swole like  huh yeah
You feel some type of way then a-ha!
Huh yeah (a-ha-ha a-ha-ha)
Fuck is you talkin' to?
Aye do you know who you talkin' to?
Slide on you like fallen drapes
God toss full of carnivals
I kill 'em with kindness
Or I kill 'em with diamonds
Or I put up like fifteen hundred
Get yo' ass killed by the finest
Everything in life is a gamble
Nothin' in life I can't handle
Seen it all done it all felt pain more
For the cause I done put blood on sword
Everything I do is to embrace y'all
Everything I write is a damn eight ball
Everything I touch is a damn gold mine
Everything I say is from an angel
I don't rush shit fuck shit
Always your shit my shit
Cannonballs to ignite shit
Morning to the night shift
I'm on I ain't sorry for it
Ask for a piece of mine you charged me for it
I wanna see sometimes if you ignore it
I'm in the streets sometimes and can't afford it
I got a bad habit
Levitate duckin' haters
Oh my! My heart is rich my heart is famous
This what God feel like
Huh yeah 
Laughin' to the bank like 
Huh yeah 
Flex on swole like 
Huh yeah 
You feel some type of way then a-ha! 
Huh lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
It was always me vs the world
Until I found it's me vs me
Why why why why?
Why why why why?
Just remember what happens on Earth stays on Earth
We gon' put it in reverse
Darling I told you many times
And I am telling you once again
Just to remind you sweetheart
That my...
Oh Lamar Hail Mary and marijuana times is hard
Pray with the hooligans shadows all in the dark
Fellowship with demons and relatives I'm a star
Life is one funny mothafucka
A true comedian you gotta love him you gotta trust him
I might be buggin' infomercials and no sleep
Introverted by my thoughts; children listen it gets deep
See once upon a time inside the Nickerson Garden projects
The object was to process and digest poverty's dialect
Adaptation inevitable: gun violence crack spot
Federal policies raid buildings and drug professionals
Anthony was the oldest of seven
Well-respected calm and collected
Laughin' and jokin' made life easier; hard times Momma on crack
A four-year-old tellin' his nanny he needed her
His family history: pimpin' and bangin'
He was meant to be dangerous
Clocked him a grip and start slangin'
Fifteen scrapin' up his jeans with quarter pieces
Even got some head from a smoker last weekend
Dodged a policeman workin' for his big homie
Small-time hustler graduated to a brick on him
10000 dollars out of a project housing that's on the daily
Seen his first mil twenty years old had a couple of babies
Had a couple of shooters
Caught a murder case fingerprints on the gun they assumin'
But witnesses couldn't prove it
That was back when he turned his back and they killed his cousin
He beat the case and went back to hustlin'
Bird-shufflin' Anthony rang
The first in the projects with the two-tone Mustang
That 5.0 thing they say 5-0 came
Circlin' parking lots and parking spots
And hoppin' out while harrassin' the corner blocks
Crooked cops told Anthony he should kick it
He brushed 'em off and walked back to the Kentucky Fried Chicken
See at this chicken spot
There was a light-skinned nigga that talked a lot
With a curly top and a gap in his teeth
He worked the window his name was Ducky
He came from the streets the Robert Taylor Homes
Southside Projects Chiraq the Terror Dome
Drove to California with a woman on him and 500 dollars
They had a son hopin' that he'd see college
Hustlin' on the side with a nine-to-five to freak it
Cadillac Seville he'd ride his son around on weekends
Three-piece special with his name on the shirt pocket
'Cross the street from the projects Anthony planned to rob it
Stuck up the place before back in '84
That's when affiliation was really eight gears of war
So many relatives tellin' us sellin' us devilish works
Killin' us crime intelligent felonious
Prevalent proposition with 9's
Ducky was well-aware
They robbed the manager and shot a customer last year
He figured he'd get on these niggas' good sides
Free chicken every time Anthony posted in line
Two extra biscuits Anthony liked him and then let him slide
They didn't kill him; in fact it look like they're the last to survive
Pay attention that one decision changed both of they lives
One curse at a time
Reverse the manifest and good karma and I'll tell you why
You take two strangers and put 'em in random predicaments
Give 'em a soul so they can make their own choices and live with it
Twenty years later them same strangers you make 'em meet again
Inside recording studios where they reapin' their benefits
Then you start remindin' them about that chicken incident
Whoever thought the greatest rapper would be from coincidence?
Because if Anthony killed Ducky Top Dawg could be servin' life
While I grew up without a father and die in a gunfight
So lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Said I'm a fuckin monster a massive attack'll haunt ya
I mastered the rap then fucked up the monitors
Mastered that after that I went for thermometers
Popped 'em all as they popped in the jaw of Tracy Veronica
Holla back! They promised us no pajamas insomnia
will attack I attack like pirahna does
Hit your block like a comet BLAP
And you all know what time it is 20-12 mark your calendars
Calisthenics and silencers exercisin that trigger STRIP!!
Rock with us Metallica competition no talent
Hum in the jungle what's wild enough?
Just might stumble upon a PACK of lions
No lyin my soilders dyin this is I-RAQ
Alliances linin with stars and bars of a prison WRECK
My science applyin pressure her strecher is needed
pay the proceeds or you live in DEBT!
Y'all soft as a giga-pet; you niggaz can't see me
unless you watchin the TV or ultra huggin my SILHOUETTE
My flow got the ceiling WET; I spit 'til I feel my BREATH
go sink in my fuckin chest
She fuckin the fuckin best mean my dick is the dick of death
Means I'm killin that pussy like Spike whenever that Jerry slept
Yo Dre! Me and Andre the Giant 6'7" and climbin
Whether you storm to your climate whether your beat makin or rhymin
Bumpin some Phyllis Hyman handful of diamonds like Jay fans
On a island wit Ray Bans
Glasses palmin asses that probably came wit a great tan hee hee
I be the motherfuckin Mecca of these Hub City spectrum
Where they at? I will disect 'em like a fuckin frog's rectum
While you wreckin with a wreckin ball my words flow incredible
They probably call the federal after I slaughter several
Et cetera et cetera Bentley passin up Celicas
They tellin us about shit #HiiPoWer in your mouth bitch!
And top dog can vouch bitch; nigga what you 'bout?A
bout face wit army outfits the general's here
That mean the hustlers and the criminals here
Penitence reachin pinacles of life and despair
And me I solemnly swear
to handle mine like a Taliban and die for it
Only difference is I ain't never askin Allah for it!
Only difference is I be spazzin and still apply for it!
Put me in a category I don't know what's a sadder story
Guts and glory yo' pain bore me you ain't really lived it
I take you to a block where they Crippin
or Piru that 5'2 gun bigger than the torso of Pippin
Bitch I been doin before you niggaz ruined it show me somethin different
You either kissin dick or givin me distance
You live in a disrict of dimebags and dummys; I know your statistics
Who your boss he more like my assisstant?
Get lost have a egg and a biscuit
Break-fast when we aimin them biscuits
Pay cash when ya chain come up missin Q!!!
 Double ups dude what the fuck?
Get me some my promo poppin  droppin soon they watchin
I just lock and load explode target flowed I'm somewhere blowed
Mary got some swishers sweets L.A. nigga prolly east
Cheerin for the ragin beats X-O Henny' scrape the keys
Bangin C I'm bangin B put them niggaz next to me
Stop and focus get the lead I'm hear now let the hardest be
Shit all them dudes got ovaries - PERIOD!
Run on sentence still I'm ventin air conditionin coolest breeze
Ill diseases grip my pant and shoot my semen
Still I'm cumin miles a runnin
I was learnin getting knowledge head is throbbin she a goblin
We be mobbin over bitches stick and miss and she the business
Get a witness pussy frenchin just a mission
poppin off like on a mission proposition
Getting money drop a nigga
Rush a nigga stomp a nigga
Crush a nigga dust a nigga
Copperhead gon' crush a nigga heatin up the winter nigga
Somethin to remember nigga hella sick I got a spit
Cursed with a verse like God told me kill the shit
Load a clip hecklin cops the Hoover king!
Bada bing by the ding-a-ling natural Hoover
Fing' ring with a vision clearer than Visine Asiang from Beijing
Money make her cum she cream; feed the weak that's WingStop
At the start wit rain drops Autobots
Space shuttle shittin on your car lots - boy stop!
Could at least got excitin huh? #HiiPoWer you see our pattern huh?
Workin on tracks like we never been free
22 squezze niggaz shootin off C's please let a nigga bar 16's
Rhyme 16's lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
It feels like I only go backwards baby
Every part of me says .
I got my hopes up again oh no... not again.
Feels like we only go backwards darling.
And we'll be screaming out "No Rules No Rules"
Feel the energy we go through I told you
Pump my fist like I'm supposed to I showed you
My vision of the unsocial is so cool
Look around me and just see the same who to blame?
See my generation has no shame I play the game
How I see it this is inside the future this is nothing that you're used to
I refuse to play the victim my religion is to move you
Out your power position my army head on collision
Cant harm me out of my own skin government need assistance
Every time that I zone in
Nothing is more convincing than telling you that I won't bend
Break or fake partition
I can't this is my life design
This is me taking mines this is what I live for
This is me taking yours this is more than c4
This is what happens when we're ready to build and destroy
I hope that you enjoy
It feels like I only go backwards baby
Every part of me says .
I got my hopes up again oh no... not again.
Feels like we only go backwards darling.
I live my life a rebel a vigilante Devils try to get at me
Pedal through this underworld undertakers won't catch me
System make no sense don't feel justice if you would ask me
I'll tell you everything is corrupted don't you walk passed me
With the condescending look I can tell you're pretending
Like you my friends and you just a henchman I feel relentless
I feel the tension in the air thick enough to cut through it
Or cut you with it I come from a glove that breed a nuisance
Trespass on your property I am properly aiming to go and get your democracy
This is me changing faces cuz I can stand alone and die alone as long as I got pride
The victory and fight is all in my eyes
The night is young and I can see your demise
I'm waiting for it
You can't ignore it you live dormant
I die enormous
Big as the lies you tell I can tell that you feel defeated
The truth will set you free and to me that's the only reason
Capisce
It feels like I only go backwards baby
Every part of me says .
I got my hopes up again lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Man Beyonce I'm mad at you man
They say hello  hello 
I can daydream about Beyonce all day
Thinking bout the good times 'fore she met Jay
See ya know they say hello  hello 
I really thought I had a chance to be your man
till I seen the video with the ring on your hand
It hurt me so
I remember you were sixteen on the TV screen with Wyclef
Were you my type? Oh God yes I was impressed
You was like 'No no no' I was like twelve years old
Hoping that one day I could chaperone while you're on the road
You wore braids with a banging body
Looked like you did Pilates a lot of sit-ups probably
But bump that I was there from the start
Even when LeToya Luckett and that other doo-doo bucket broke your heart
Hope you didn't cry cause honestly they were just so-so
They couldn't sing anyway you deserved to go solo
No disrespect to Kelly and Michelle I'm just saying
They cool but you? You something like Wonder Woman
And I just want to hold your hand bring you to Compton
Gonzales Park we can build castles in the sand
Eating Hot Cheetos with pickle juice in it
Put that napkin down you know I'll lick your fingers when you're finished
I just bought the Sasha Fierce CD
I gazed at the cover for a whole five minutes till my girlfriend hit me
She's jealous of you B cause I don't love her like I love you
I even make her do the "uh-oh uh-oh oh-no-no" just like you do
She tell me I'm obsessed I tell her we connect
like Ice Cube way before the Mack 10 feud
She like you goddamn fool that girl's rich and you're broke
I said so I'm five-hundred mill' away there's still hope
Anyway I had feelings way before you got paid
And I didn't laugh when you bust your ass on the stage
And I salute Kanye for taking up for you
I would have stole the award just to prove that I love you
But Jay shoulda did that I thought he had your bizzack
What happened Mr. Izzo? Hopico with Frederico?
He used to be my favorite till he abandoned my diva
Now I tell everybody Nas had killed him on 'Ether'
They say hello  hello 
I can daydream about Beyonce all day
Thinking bout the good times 'fore she met Jay
See ya know they say hello  hello 
Hopefully I still have a chance
Maybe if I sabotage your man
You never know hmm
I'ma sneak backstage at a Mary J. Blige concert
with an 'I Love Mary' shirt then find Jay-Z
and push him into a dancer hopefully they lock lips
That's when I yell out Sounwave hurry up take the pic
Put it on Bossip the same night yeah that sound quite right
Publicity like that? Yep they'd be sure to fight
Better yet I'ma steal his cell then call up Affion
He impersonates Jay well get Beyonce on the line
Then make up some bogus shit
Like you don't the back of my knees right so this marriage is over with
And the ring that's on my finger guess what I'm throwing it 
You heard the sound so you know I did
Ha-hahhh that should get him
I should break 'em up like a Kit Kat when I do that yeah true that
I'ma put the plot in motion that's for sure
But if I end up with Macy Gray this plan never worked
Yeeeea man I hope Jay don't be mad at me bout this song
Start- ay Wizzle start me back from like the first verse
Like right before I come in
Haha what you say? Nah you think it'll be hot for real though?
Nigga you stupid"Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe " lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe "
I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink I got my music
I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe; bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe; bitch don't kill my vibe
Look inside of my soul and you can find gold and maybe get rich hol' up
Trinidad Jame$ in four weeks
But now my album platinum and shit so what
Y'all keep the numbers
I'm more than another statistic my nigga
This courtesy of Compton
Brooklyn go hard motherfucker
Love me on the East like I'm Chuck D
Dominicans wish that I was born there
I'm lookin' to be the god MC
You look at my hat and see thorns there
I look at the game and see porn there
I'm fuckin' this industry hard
I'm bagging this money tea-bagging your honey
You thought I was fresh out the yard
Don't cry to me dummy you're a lightweight
They tell me you nice and I'm like 
Go get me a knife you're looking like steak
And when the stakes are high I stake out for days
And when the water inside you're Bobby Boucher
We thirsty nigga never alert me nigga
I got a P89 in a suitcase
I know you heard me nigga this is a burpee nigga
Lyrical exercise
Right now homie I'm in the extra vibe
Pipe down it occurred when you heard that I got these words
To the upper echelon that's excellent
Up in the clouds me and my spouse
Rumors on the ground gettin' too loud
Please turn them shits down can't hear myself think
Turbulence shit almost spilled my drink
In the White House with a mink
Running through that bitch like it's my house
All up in the hall like a mall
Told you motherfuckers all I do is ball
No I don't 'member you I don't intend to empty my memory bank
It's a million dollars in it baby Hilary Swank
Sittin' next to Hilary smellin' like dank
Presidential pardon name one nigga out there harder than him I'll wait
I've been in my weight like 20 years straight
I've been on my vibe like 20 years straight
Don't fuck up my high don't fuck up my high
Nights like this I could fuck up a pie
Still keep straight and still be straight
Fall back bitch I got a lot on my plate
Don't waste my breath
I don't know how many moons a nigga got left
Back to this joint smokin' this shit like I'm tryna' prove a point
I'm the highest the highest title numero uno
Kill my vibe that's your motherfuckin' funeral
Between you and me turn eulogy to urinals niggas pissed off
I'm in this lil' diss shit I'm pushin' my fart
Leader of the new school on my toes like a ballerina
Who knew I'd be Black Swan
World in my palms ironically
I am the Globetrotters' best
Cause I didn't drop the ball
Told niggas when I was 16 that I'd write a 16
To put a nigga right on the big screen
In the paddy wagon with 16 should have been in the pen
But then my pen write with morphine
I heal niggas touch down with more fiends
I kill niggas audio crack khakis to meal ticket
Cardio lap was running for dear life but now I'm running the map
Bitch I'm here nigga
Picture little old me giving a fuck for what a fuck nigga gotta say
Nigga you'll never be Jay never be Nas never be Snoop nor Dre
You ain't get killed in Vegas or hit a Suburban
Nigga Puffy Daddy wasn't your favorite
So many washed up with detergent
But I don't dry tears I just aim at them on purpose
Like bluck Mini-14 like bluck
Empty out another magazine like bluck
Hit a young nigga get back
I kill 'em all when they try to kill my vibe
I am the bad the good God lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Dick hard like Rottweiler
Can you handle it? Can you handle it? Woo woo woo woo
The whole industry been in shambles
Everybody fugazi I'm just changing the channel
Kendrick Lamar the people's champion I'm animal for analysts
Career damaging verses meditating with candles lit
I like my raps extra prolific
Since freestyling on lunch tables and park benches
And I won't mention my ten thousand hours in training
While juggling gang-banging my balancing was tremendous
And now we look at the competition as quick submission
They tappin' out before we even get a chance to miss ëem
What this about is it money or skill?
Maybe it's both and I got large amounts of it it's real
You see my oath is very unbreakable my style is never mistakable
I can see y'all incapable
To be the God emcees you know me well
Ridiculous venomous hate in my heart the sinister
Run for cover my lineage prove itself
I'm rollin' deep in that paper like two Adeles
Before scholars I flowed tighter than virgin lips
We had to shake the game up and you're flying through turbulence
Everything is high stakes nowadays that's how it played nowadays
It's like an 8-ball to the face nowadays
I'm laced nowadays my gun is off the waist nowadays
It's seven figures and retainer for the case nowadays I'm talking
Hiiigher power every other hour since Eddie Bauer
Since stash boxes and lead showers breaking the padlock
And the dead coward dying a thousand deaths entire lion
Surround itself with bears watch it nigga you share a profit ah!
This is what they want I'm the one
This is vintage from nineteen-eighty-somethin'
I'm the son of the pioneer that got you near the sun
Play with him bitch you better off voting for Donald Trump
I'm yelling Mr. Kanye West for president
He probably let me get some head inside the residence
I'm in the White House going all out
Bumping College Dropout God-bless Americans
Nothing more influential than rap music
I merge jazz fusion with the trap music
I mix black soul with some rock and roll
They never box me in I'm David Blaine-ing all you hoes
Oh yea let's go there my DNA is DMT I'm so rare
My Juvenile was wilder than the Nolia
A locomotive couldn't track me down in my career
Runnin' this shit with four pair son of my bitch I might demolish
A bitch right in front ya chico what have you done here?
D-Bo all of it one year Mississippi to California
It gets annoying niggas wanna deploy him
And bitches wanna adore him but industry shit ain't for him
Probably thinking it's for him only one me
Swallowed the key and kicking the door in never leasing my foreign
Mr. Valevictorian studied the game before them
Listen to you with boredom baby rappers abort them
To the grave I deport them corporations extort them
I'm snapping off my endorphins I alien mighty morphin'
My radiance rather gorgeous hundred bill to the doorman
Hundred mil in my fortune they call me back in the morning
You're racing against the tortoise pace myself it's important
Lace myself with the wisdom my playerism enormous
So pay the man for performance saucy all of my garments
Jimi Kendrix performing this fucking studio haunted 
I tell a bitch don't sweat me 
I kill this whole fuckin' beat if Cole let me 
Ib should've never sent the instrumental
Every time I start writing I get sentimental
This shit is just not fair
But why the fuck should I care?
The story of your life here
Two young stars was born and y'all gon' die here
Oh Lord gotta be the yams
Billboard list need 2Pac damn
But number 9 makes sure he lives on yeah
Hoochie coochie pussies in a trance
Every day a celebration but even the valley peaking me
Is not validation nigga this TDE
And my doggies be salivating salaries better ratings
And casualties all around me don't make me do demonstrations
Whoa
Murder my allegations and burning my finger traces
Adjourning my power patience and earning royalty payments
I'm sorry y'all not relating this party is reservated
I kill this whole muthafucking beat if J. Cole say it
My nigga Ib chopped the instrumental I gotta slay it
I gotta lay it gotta show you fuckers I'm not to play with
The ruckus had been my favorite lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I wanna hit line drives
Wanna lose weight?
For you
Hey what's up doc?
Now I was raised in a sandbox next to you and her
You was holding the handgun she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me "Don't be like me just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room
And I run it
And I run it yeah BLUH
Yes I run it BLUH BLUH BLUH BLUH
I run it BLUH BLUH BLUH BLUH
Yes I run it I run it
Yeah BLUH yeah
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth
Just for you motherfucker hope y'all amused
I run it BLUH BLUH BLUH BLUH
And I run it BLUH BLUH BLUH BLUH
Yeah Yeah BLUH
Yes I run it
This shit make a nigga just wanna ride
Reminisce when I had the morning appetite
Apple Jacks had nothing that I hit the TV Guide
Animaniac the only thing that gave me peace of mind
I'm a maniac when aiming at the enemy delight
Tell a story that I'll never flourish 25
Not to worry every warrior will come and see you fully
Young that's a covenant that I put on every tribe
Ain't nobody go tie your shoe
Nobody grew up by  your rule
Nobody horn your gun how come your tongue say killer then kill my mood
Light speed living in the world you know
Lit a whole leaf feeling like a live wire
Bet I put some new tires on a lighting bolt
Til' I wreck into a pole like a right to vote
I am from the bottom of the jungle
Living in the bottom of the food chain
When you get a new chain nigga take it from you
A new Dame one stripe and you a zebra look alike
Hope another homicide don't numb you a nun
Do things we'll never learn soon
And the error where we wanna earn soon
That's an error you can smell it in the air
Everybody really doomed
That's why I backed on you motherfuckers
All ya'll can suck my dick
All them days that the county buildings
I"m bout to make my momma rich
Cartoons and 
I ain't felt this 
Scrooge McDuck 
Elementary hood shit
This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
Even with a pot to piss in
I'm a aim sloppy at a loud mouth discharge
Dismiss any business of yours
Discounts never did amount to a check
That ya ass couldn't cash when the shit bounce
Everything dismounts niggas gone flip that car
AK's for the whole hood
House lit went down perfect
Two shots to the head he deserved it
Overheard it hit my bed with a bowl and remote control
Darkwing Duck lost service
Mama said I'd better duck she's nervous
Drama hauled in the clutch hit the curtains
I mean don't intervene with no drum machine
This block stay jerking the feds stay lurkin'
Emerging on everybody corner 
Get a toe tag when you play tac with a task of a new 
Everybody wanna know my life
How did I make it 
Well let me tell you like this
I've been running this shit since 
Cartoons and cereal
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth just for you
Motherfucker hope y'all amused!
I did wrong karma came
Crackers gave me ball and chain
Friends enemies all the same
State fed both can hang
Nobody can mute me but I never said nobody can't shoot me
Just another stat to the white folks
Still whip work to the white yolk absolutely!
Everyday feel like the one before
Hunt the money don't hunt the ho
If you do what you always done
Then you get what you always got
You dumb buffoons!
I ain't seen the back of my eyelids
For about the past 72 hours
Hand on my heart face to the hood
I pledge every word you ever heard was honest
Yeah this me no mic
No cameras no lights lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
When the sun fall out the sky
All I have is me in the land of do or die
A freeway a gas pedal and a peace of mind
Now thatís the ultimate high
To the cloud I go cloud I go
One time baby tell me ya need me
Cloud I go cloud I go
Two time baby tell me ya love me
Cause Iíve been drinking too much thinking too much
We ainít been keeping in touch
Fell into lust where is the love?
My independency got tendencies of lack of trust
I look at the street corners as my new woman
Seductive as you wanna be hands on my new garments
And luckily being in denial ainít the case
Cause I know sheís unfaithful
Instead Iím grabbing her waist
And every part of her is tasteful
I know youíre feelings hating
Fact you think Iím ungrateful I know
Selfish as I wanna be and every time you under me
I get the vibe you might need some time to grow
Cause I been dreaming too much thinking too much
We ainít been keeping in touch
And every time that I think of your touch
Adrenaline pump give me that rush
Iím gone like a thief inside the wind
Lord forgive me for my sins
I know she want me more but I fiend for benjamins
She said I found the root of all evil and lost a friend
Lost in the world of a young boy from Compton
That never knew love because love was never promised
I know selfish as I wanna be
And every time Iím under you lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
His eyes bloodshot red
I watched him as he took a fifth of Henny to the head in memory of his brother
Reminiscing on them playing Sega with each other
He was hurting I could see it plenty tears no Kleenex
I stood by his side because that was my homie
Gave him a hug some of his brother blood got on me
Clenching his fists on some angry shit
Stood up sat back down on the curb and asked me who they be hanging with
I wasn't sure so I gave him no answer
But I was sure that he had him a blammer and wanted war
Revenge what do say to a good friend
that just lost it and grabbing choppers out the closet?
I tried my best to make him renege but he was like my nig'
This feeling is more than personal
I stood down he hopped in a hour-door Honda Accord
Before he bent the block he said K. Dot you wouldn't understand
These streets can turn a kid to killer in minutes
Not by choice but forced to be a menace
Can someone just pray for me or war
(Or at least try to understand) the city pressure
The AK-47 twin MAC-11s
The Desert Eagle shotty and the Smith & Wessons
Pray for me or war
Corners become monuments for the dead
Candles on the pavement postcard read
rest in peace the yellow tape blocking off the streets
A baby momma yelling at the police
But you don't understand you figure that we're just a bunch of niggas
But the picture is a story untold
See this wasn't in our plans
Babies from the late eighties wasn't born crazy we was raised that way
Put that Malcolm X book down then raised that K
Complete chaos when we off X pills and St. Ides
Look the Devil in the face from a saint eye
Cast a 'spell' on you like Akeelah and the Bee
Every killer in the street is a teen with a corrupted mind
Substance time is no longer an issue
We don't have it so pass the tissue
Then close the casket kiss the momma when you can
Then tell her you understand but you don't understand
These streets can turn a kid to killer in minutes
Not by choice but forced to be a menace
Can someone just pray for me or war
 the city pressure
The AK-47 twin MAC-11s
The Desert Eagle shotty and the Smith & Wessons
Pray for me or war
He came back fifteen minutes later
He said Dot I went on one do me this favor
Dump these guns in a safe place let nobody see you
This is critical as it gets my nigga I need you
I said alright so what happened? Seen a few niggas slipping
and I just started clapping I didn't care who I was hitting
That's wild shit but anyway I got you
I love you my nigga make sure you hit me up by tomorrow
I woke up the next morning with a cold
Allergies got me sneezing and wiping my nose when it was leaking
Checked the medicine cabinet looking for some DayQuil
But all I seem was some aspirins just my luck
I got up went to Rite Aid
Hoping that the pharmacy department had the right aid I bought it and left
Walked to the parking lot that's when I seen the faces of death
Said they was looking for my man with a chopper in their hand
Praying that it would jam but you don't understand
These streets can turn a kid to killer in minutes
Not by choice but forced to be a menace
Can someone just pray for me or war
(Now tell me do you understand?) the city pressure
The AK-47 twin MAC-11s 
The Desert Eagle shotty and the Smith & Wessons 
Pray for me or war
It's like lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Abba Zabba
You know we get in the studio and do what we do best you know?
Beautiful shit
But this time around I want to do something different homeboy
You feel me my nig'?
Hop on them keys real quick my nig'
Play some shit that my girlfriend will like
I ain't tryna entertain these other hoes tonight
Play some shit that my girlfriend will like
Yeah ha-ha-ha yeah
This shit my girlfriend will like
I ain't tryna entertain these other hoes tonight
I'm playing shit that my girlfriend will like
Check me out she say she love it when it sounds like this
She tell me Kendrick put it down like this
When I listen I want to close my eyes and feel your lips
Let your lyrics wrap/rap around me and grab my hips
So enticing on point like the helmet of a viking
Kicking up dust like I'm hiking
I ain't calling a woman a bitch on this one
I be calling my woman so I can get some
She fresh off work and Lord knows it was hard
She take off her shirt and Lord knows that I'm hard
Composing myself tryna remain content
She had a long day and plus I know she want to vent
Now she can talk about her boss and I can give advice
or she can take the panties off and I can eat the pie
Fuck that option number deuce
On the kitchen table while I play this tune you know why?
This shit that my girlfriend will like
I ain't tryna entertain these other hoes tonight
I'm playing shit that my girlfriend will like
Ha-ha-ha yeah
This shit my girlfriend will like
I ain't tryna entertain these other hoes tonight
Abba this shit my girlfriend will like my nigga
Look we be in the car bumping my latest jam
I recorded at the studio around 10 P.M.
It's a club banger catchy hooks and 808s
I even threw a bridge on it just to play it safe
The first eight bars she loving the track
Even rewinding it back soon as the beat drop
The way she react she like that's hot
till I start talking how many hoes I got
How many I've fucked how many I've misled
just to get a nut like a squirrel in pursuit of lunch uh
Though I'm on some cliche rapper shit
I know she thinking all my lyrics they're accurate
She so cool though
Don't downplay it just to fuck up the mood yo
She will still play it even though I sound rude yo
and disregards to them provocative records one thing that I do know
This something that my girlfriend will like
I ain't tryna entertain them other hoes tonight
I'm playing something that my girlfriend will like
Ne-ma-ne-ma-ne-ma-nem 
Told you that my girlfriend would like...
... other hoes tonight
'Soul! (This shit my girlfriend will like too haha)
(Kendrick I got you)
This a great idea
This will be girlfriend joint right here
So I'ma kick the shit she like it seem right
like a pair of jeans that fit tight around her cute booty
I like to hold her from behind in line
at the movies her body-language gets read
like a ruby cause she a work of art
No help from Julie I'm a beast and she's such a beauty
I love her she know that I place no one above her
Far from a narc but best under cover
Kodak moment every time we in sync
like an iPod plugged to a USB
It's just you and me I mean me and her
I mean her and I it's plain to see affirmative
So if you ever need me you know where Herbert is
On her mind like she on mine uh
Play some shit that my girlfriend will like
cause I ain't tryna entertain them other hoes tonight
She do music too this shit my girlfriend would write
if she was me talking bout her lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
And this is for the homies
I'm talking bout the swap meets Rollie
Chain-wearing niggas with the white tee
Baby tell the truth yeah you know we...
Somebody get ready to pass me the hit of that endo I'm tryna get blown
I'm tryna get turned up like the fifteens in my Cadillac brown
Looking for E.T. to phone home
Tadow the flavor I kick reminisce the good days
Thinking back when we used to run in the swap meet for the Rollie chains
Pro Club t-shirts whiter than Anglo-Saxons
Make it a 1X-Tall crispy with the cotton fashion
That's fashion if you come where I'm from
Compton California One love to the murder capital under the sun
Young niggas running around the street with heat bigger than me
But I don't trip I still dip like salsa to a chip
Rolling down Rosecrans to scoop up my man A-Mack
He talking about some foolishness on how we can pick up on some hoes believe that
And so I scooped him round 3:30 Telling me it's all good
Tiger Woods Now we looking for the birdy birdies
Stopped at the sto' to get some rubbers
Pulled up on the breezies Well what do you know? I think they love us
And this is for the homies
I'm talking bout the swap meets Rollie
Chain-wearing niggas with the white tee
Baby tell the truth yeah you know we got it going on
And if you feel good 
Raise your hands high and throw up your hood 
Represent the city like you know you should 
I want to make sure that you understood we got it going on
 We got it going on
 We got it going on
 We got it going on
 We got it going on
As I continue my day quite copacetic
Headed to my momma's house to see what them greens are talking bout hungry as hell
Had the right grub I bail need some gas
ARCO station on Avalon a relative hit me up as he rolled past
We used to stand in line for Jordans excited we got 'em
Rocking platinum FUBU jeans with rubber bands tied to the bottom
Throwback jerseys Chamberlain and James Worthy was two of my favorites
I might pull out the green Larry Bird on special occasions
But anyway I'm steady coasting smoking on that Hiroshima
Ashtray got a million roaches I'm focussed but feeling good
The homies hanging on  and Monte Carlos
Impalas and Tahoes shoot something nigga break that fifty
I'm grabbing the city like I'm supposed to
Making my presence felt like Christmas day what can I say?
Every vocal is spoken with the wisdom of a G
If you can't relate then please have a seat
So wherever you located won't you let it be known
And put on for the soil of which you was grown
I put on like brand new Chuck Taylors
While giving you cuts like fresh tapers
I'm such a fool with it go nuts
You bullshitting like Tuck the bounce then untuck
The bounce then throw up a rare jewel you duck
Take 'em to school I must this for the cool in us
This ain't for you lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Yea. How I sound out there Ali? Good? Then good.
Can I pay my past a visit?
So tell me your Compton school district
And video campus shut the fuck up your premises
Kendrew and Westchester had the baddest bitches
And my nigga L wood got the white Toyotaand we got pulled over
Had to hide the bottle because there was mix with Hennessy and soda
Every time we rode up we was unsober
And everybody had know that
My nigga Yan Yan had all the red P Hat
Which was really dumb because where we was at
Was the other side and more than likely
The other side really didn't like that
Didn't have no barrels so if those chopper beam never really could shoot back
Could of lost our life for hood rats
We was dumb as fuck but lucky for us we lucky enough
That the black car didn't pull up and ask where yall niggas from
I know some nigga less fortunate was fucking with they enemies bitch
She had a fat ass and a brown Camaro but it wasn't that fast it was like a V6
But anyways she was one of those hoes in highschool with the cornrows
size 5 Jordans Rolex ward and wanna fight everybody she knows
Well she's important well she wasn't she was just so and so
So and so cousin he was so red
So anytime she got into it that who she would get
Now let me get back to the plan
Homie had ask do ya got a man
She said no he said oh yeah
Where do you stay she said Rosecrans
Rosecrans and what? she said don't matter just know I Fuck
He said what? your a your a little freaky bitch huh?
She said yeah baby I can you get you sprung
I can work that pussy and the tongue
If you come over I can make you come
If you come over make sure that you bring drink
Because I like to get to drunk
And that he did that Friday he was where she lived
Notice that he was out of bounds
But didn't give a fuck cause he wanted to fuck that bitch right now
Walked in the house rubber on panties down oldies playing in the back ground
Lets get it on Marvin Gaye had bumped to the morning
Time to go picked his place up off the floor
Kissed that bitch in the mouth then walked to the door
When he walked out he seen a four four Bluh!
Didn't know that was the pussy he was dealing with
And that's how you get your ass killed bitch!
That's how you get your ass killed bitch!
That's how you get your ass killed bitch!
Get your ass killed bitch! How?
Fucking with them hoes them hoesthem hoes them hoes
Them hoes hoes them scandalous hoes
Them hoes hoes that have you uh dead dead dead
Look. I guess we can all learn from mistakes
But your first mistake might be your death date
And death doesn't wait on no one
A million ways to die and you can make it a million and one
If you not aware of the rules or maybe tryna fill someone else shoes
Like a square trying to be a gangster kind of remind of this one dude
He wasn't thirteen he was twenty two
When he went to first get put on the hood
He wasn't born it boys in the hood the movie let him think it was all good
But usually this type of person want to prove his s s s s self on purpose
Tell everybody he quit working but really he's worthless
His momma had money his daddy had money so he had money
The OG's had gave him a pistol today there's going to be just another crash dummy
And the funny thing about it he thought was about it like Pnilla
But he wasn't no killa
Just a monkey hanging around a bunch of gorillas
Everybody wanna be tough guy so he did approached this guy lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Ayy I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances
Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits but now I'm countin' this
Parmesan where my accountant lives; in fact I'm downin' this
D'USS… with my boo bae tastes like Kool-Aid for the analysts
Girl I can buy yo' ass the world with my paystub
Ooh that pussy good won't you sit it on my taste bloods?
I get way too petty once you let me do the extras
Pull up on your block then break it down: we playin' Tetris
A.M. to the P.M. P.M. to the A.M. funk
Piss out your per diem you just gotta hate 'em funk
If I quit your BM I still ride Mercedes funk
If I quit this season I still be the greatest funk
My left stroke just went viral
Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral
Soprano C we like to keep it on a high note
It's levels to it you and I know
Bitch be humble (hol' up bitch)
(Hol' up bitch)
(Hol' up bitch)
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up)
Sit down 
Be humble
Sit down 
Be humble
Sit down 
Be humble
Sit down (hol' up hol' up hol' up)
Who dat nigga thinkin' that he frontin' on Man-Man? 
Get the fuck off my stage I'm the Sandman 
Get the fuck off my dick that ain't right
I make a play fucking up your whole life
I'm so fuckin' sick and tired of the Photoshop
Show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor
Show me somethin' natural like ass with some stretch marks
Still will take you down right on your mama's couch in Polo socks
Ayy this shit way too crazy ayy you do not amaze me ayy
I blew cool from AC ayy Obama just paged me ayy
I don't fabricate it ayy most of y'all be fakin' ayy
I stay modest 'bout it ayy she elaborate it ayy
This that Grey Poupon that Evian that TED Talk ayy
Watch my soul speak you let the meds talk ayy
If I kill a nigga it won't be the alcohol ayy
I'm the realest nigga after all
Bitch be humble (hol' up bitch)
(Hol' up bitch)
(Hol' up hol' up hol' up)
Sit down 
Be humble
Sit down 
Be humble
Sit down (hol' up hol' up)
Be humble
Sit down (hol' up hol'up hol' up lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
September 22nd 2009
Kendrick Lamar to... to...
Let me start off this letter saying I don't like you
Scared of you but I will fight you
I stare at the ceiling and think about you
Curiosity killing me thinking of when I'ma meet you
You introduced yourself to so many others mothers sisters and brothers
Children and babies drive me crazy I wonder
why you love people that love people that do right?
Is it rocket science to you or is it just your type?
One of my biggest fears
is waking up four in the morning and gotta hear you met one of my peers
Or maybe a family member that you thought was cool
Or maybe a person that I'll never meet cause of you
You son of a bitch and I wish you never existed
And I swear I'd blow your brains out if you paid me a visit
But that's not realistic cause you'll never write
But I'ma still send this letter off P.O. Box
and when you get it
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
because it's personal
Let me continue this letter saying I don't like you
I'm scared of you but I will fight you
Should be ashamed of the moves you make
The pain you bring the sorrow and the hearts you break
Every day you remind me that you're always there
cause every time I come around someone's getting shot down
And all I say is a prayer so help me Lord
Then the Lord talk back I can't help you boy
That's fucked up my luck's fucked was cursed before birth
and what's fucked up I gotta live my life with the hurt
of knowing that you're everlasting dwelling upon the masses
of the earth fatal assassins snatch your bodies
Probably on my notepad as I write
Why the fuck you wanna take my life?
Sooner or later I'm tired and weary and my gray hairs are not in my favor
So when I write on this paper it's real talk so
Let me start off this letter saying I don't like you too
and the reason why we haven't met because I've been busy dude
But ever since grade school I watched your every move
You slipped up a few times
I gave you a pass so don't say I ain't sympathetic
But you can bet it your curiosity I'ma dead it
Everybody wanna know why I act this way
Let's just say I had a bad day
Matter of fact everyday gotta take it out on somebody
and you could probably find me wherever the wolves parade
I was born to be a killjoy I'm a old brat
conceived by Adam and Eve so who you mad at?
Not me see me I'm just doing my job
and you ducking me is mos def an odd
So why send this letter as if I never knew you?
I'd rather knock on your door and just give it to you
It's everywhere the streets the corners
The coroners the morgues
Cemeteries hospitals
Heard about 'em when I was little
Tomorrow's not promised
Cause any day he can be knocking at your front door
War genocide homicide
Suicide all coincide
Signed and sealed by the living
Make it lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I can tell you what it is I can tell you what it isn't
No more K. Dot my mother had named me Kendrick
Fuck a stage name that's the name that I was given
The only thing that I can identify within this bidness
I'm just a good kid from Compton that want to rap
Weighing my options pick up a Bible or a strap?
I never killed a man never sold any crack
All I ever did was try to keep my city on the map
But this monkey on my back y'all don't want me to win
I'm tryna follow dreams you want me to follow trends
So just to get a dollar will I sell my soul?
I look the Devil in the eye and tell him hell no
They say anything worth having is worth the wait
Well I want the world tell me how long that takes
There's no time like now I can cut my patience/patients short
or give 'em some more gowns I don't even want the crown
I just want a peace of mind and nigga when I get it
you won't get a piece of mine won't you mind your own bidness?
A rich nigga buy anything you sell him
A broke nigga believe anything that you tell him
Well I'm a broke nigga
But still I wouldn't listen to you even if your hand was on a Bible quote nigga
Pfttuh
See I was brought up different
Whatever that my pops said for sure I'd listen
You said you did dirt but I can't dig it
It don't concern you if you wasn't born in it
Oh-no-oh-oh
I swear we got to fast-forward...
Before time flies by
My new sound for '0-10 is why lie?
And if you ain't trying to win then why try?
Now you can low-ball or give me high five
This is I nigga look into my eye
Nigga I am Kendrick... Lamar
Nigga my name is Kendrick... Lamar
I said my name is Kendrick... Lamar
I changed the name cause I was tired of being like y'all
Now finally I'm ready to tell the world who I are pfttuh
And that used to be a hell of a task
Now I'm ahead of my class so go ahead and harass
my character like it don't carry a
confidence that can marry a Halle Berry or Angelina with no cash
I'm bout to cash in my thoughts
Give you a compass then tell you get lost
What I'm bout to accomplish is something that you can't fathom
Once the 'Eves' come they quick to stare 'Adam'/at him
Hoping I don't take they bitch but I'm on some other shit
When I'm done I'm tryna run the government
They are big dreams
Transition from a rapper to a human being you can't 'school' a dean
I be tutoring artist-es leave 'em with no audience
All cause they all oversaw it my God
Y'all be out partying I be stealing your audience
All because who I are Lamar
But my first name it gotta be Kendrick... Lamar
Nigga my name is Kendrick... Lamar
I changed the name cause I was tired of being like y'all
Now finally I'm ready to tell the world who I are lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
These streets is jurassic cowards get asthmatic
Astronauts hover throughout the atmosphere that the ghetto burb
Pull up on the curb  smoke a nigga then dip
It's the immaculate verbal assassin strangle your perfect etiquette to an accent
This is Jesus of Nazareth
Spittin' gold policies to a world unknown
In a cherry Low-Low with four zones of weed no sticks no seeds
Prestigious when I post safe through fifty states beneath the speed
Can corral the largest crowds mosh pit with a big dick
Screaming bitches ain't shit she gobble gobble for hours I jumped in the shower
I dismantle devour hardest Emcees softer than Clam chowder
No challengers can compete they're childish and weak detrimental
Hazardous hazard to instrumentals intertwined with God and Frankenstein
I'm kurupted!
I'm kurupted!
Gimme a hundred G's for every Emcee I drop to their knees
Verbically useless oh you got the Juice? I'll squeeze you juiceless
Catch you hang you from many nooses
Been the truth since Snoop and the pound was fuckin' over ruthless
Young and I'm ruthless twenty-one with twenty-one guns shottys thats looted from pac lyrical cyclops
Lazer-in on paper and fraudulent friends bitch yous a bitch in disguise and bitches get ten
Bullets to their midsection Mr. Lethal injection in a regal higher than church steeples I swear to god
Count your lyrics in a jar I'mma pterodactyl tearin' ya squad like pardon me in Terrance Martin in Aston Martin
Cannibal co-existing with the coldest that means I'm the sickest and Theraflu won't do
Whenever I'm kicking the wickedness explosive syntagmatic smokin' like the barrel of this tech aimin' at ya' neck
I'm kurupted!
I'm kurupted!
 I'm from C-O-MP-TO-aNy nigga can get it the little homie strapped and he with it
At the Avalanche swap-meet 
Blunt longer than Rose Grants I'll grab the devil then slow dance
Practice trigonometry practice my aim on rooftops eating pastrami sandwiches you are counterfeit
Worthless beats and verses surfaced. West Coast with a big scope kill all Y'all It's Top Dawg TDE CPT
Quick to tell a bitch jump on my dick A.S.A.P
Complete havoc compulsive disorder rhyme addict -- Slaughter
House is full of Joey Joells and Royces for ya'
Live from the area code of Three-One-Oh laughin' all the way to the bank with three Elmos
Three six-fo's One bottle of Goose I'm the truth you could put your hand on the bible and shoot
I'm Kurupted!
See a lot of y'all get real disrespectful real comfortable not recognizin' ya' legends
West Coast legends lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Uh yeah 
Kendrick Lamar uh
Yeah I can reconcile being depressed real bad
I'm a thinker not a drinker but still I Hennessy drag
Alcohol numbs the pain like when novocaine stabs
in your arteries pardon me but my city go mad
Via Compton California corners with coroners and karma on 'em
Colors corresponding to gangs upon us
Common corrupted Crip and Pirus cripple the city
Triple the crime Bible nor the Qur'an can save
Welcome don't be afraid your city similar right?
Where the choppers kidnap the night and police silence your rights
Stare at the sky wonder will you live to see twenty-five?
I'm twenty-two at twenty I knew I was against the odds
This kid named Jonathan was monitoring
his momma and sister his older cousin he honored him
Anonymous bodies on his burner was astonishing
To Johnny he might have been a modern day rider then
he walking outside again he see the lifestyle of an active member
Pull out a MAC-11 now his eyes is big
Fascinated by mayhem what's his cousin to say now?
He wanna be from the hood that he's from and that's one
more gangster under the family tree took 'em under his  like KFC
Crip crazy rocking matching T-shirts that says 
No love just spread slugs that's the policy the leader and the prodigy
Now shorty doo-wop holding a oowop hanging with rah-rahs
with blah-blahs that sit on the block catching fades and licks
Going on missions with lunatics a ninth-grade menace
Thugging for six months smoking like six blunts an hour
The power of banging he was walking from... 
Little Johnny
"I think you'll find sir that there will come a time
when black people wake up and become intellectually independent enough to think for themselves
as other humans are intellectually independent enough to think for themselves
Then the black man will think like a black man and he will feel for other black people
and this new thinking and feeling will cause black people to stick together
And then at that point you'll have a situation
where when you attack one black man you are attacking all black men
and this type of black thinking will cause all black people to stick together
And this type of thinking also will bring an end
to the brutality inflicted upon black people by 
And it is the only thing that will bring an end to it
No federal court lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Wow I think y'all must have forgot or something
Like I ain't hot or something
Like I don't make your girl take off her top or something
I'm like ha-ha-ha-ha-hah L-M-A-O
Ha-ha-ha-ha-hah L-M-A-O
Laughing at haters in here
I be her favorite in here
She want to play-play
What more can I say-say?
But mm jumped in the coupe and I'm gone
I smell like money I don't need no cologne
I just need me a freak that can jump on the bone
Like an X-ray technician my rectangular prism
Says money sex then drugs all cause I'm twenty-one
Like playing blackjack picture this Kodak
Moment forever K. Dot that dude
She sucked my dick and got frostbite I'm that cool
I got a pocket full of checks plus I'm bouncing through the club
With a crazy two-step and diamonds on my neck
Ziploc fresh Ziploc fresh
And hoes want to play-play
What more can I say-say?
But ha-ha-ha-ha-hah L-M-A-O
Ha-ha-ha-ha-hah L-M-A-O
Laughing at haters in here
I be her favorite in here
She want to play-play
What more can I say-say?
Yeeeaah bottle of Goose and I'm gone
Watching her get loose like a third grader's tooth
The shit that we on is the ultimate high
'XXL' flow that's the ultimate 'Vibe'
Park that Lambi outside just to fuck with the haters
Put the Lambi in drive watch it peel like potatoes
Holler L-M-A-O with a drunken two-step
Like I never could pass a sobriety test
Yeeeah I'm in the club acting mannish
 lenses make my view panoramic
I'm out of this world I'm off of this planet
They don't say K. Dot is here they say his spaceship has landed
And your access has been granted/granite like a kitchen floor
But my kitchen's marble I ride in the carpool
because I got two whores in the back of that roam
See they're all I need lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Uh shoutout to Schoolboy Q
He uglier than a motherfucker 
Tire marks tire marks finish line with the tire marks
When the relay starts I'm a runaway slave uhh
Walking on water and running on waves God MC
Oh my God you gotta see there's never no Is in me
Of an odyssey I'm a block away
Fire marshals moving in marshmallows inside my pen
Sweet sixteens got a sweet sixteen and they deadlier than sin
I'm so appalled with a prototype with a guy named Protocol
You an amateur they want a pro' to call
I'll damage on camera in Compton in Canada I don't care where ya are
Just blink twice and I'm there where ya are
like a shadow in the dark you a paddle in the boat
in an ocean full of sharks bout to come up short
Water in the pot throw crack rock
like bam bam nigga have two grams nigga
Pay up or blam blam nigga have the black cam'
We can go Dipset  nigga
I've been around niggas killers pimps
You ain't been around shit but your momma and your bitch
Jumped off the porch when I was like six
Uncle Bobby got the house raided back in '9-6
Kick in the do'
Canines was all in the kitchen way before I even heard of Mike Vick
Momma in the bathroom poppa at work
Happened on a Sunday we should have went to church
Look at my shirt Polo on it
It's gon' sell if my logo on it
I fear no opponent
A demon come near and I might throw a spear at the omen
You looking at the twenty-ten Romans' empire
HiiiPoWeR H.P. in ya face like H.D.
And I spit like an H.K. I'ma shop like an H3
H-U-B-C-I-T-Y A-D-N-Y-G
Problem and Hootie nigga
Tell the government come shoot me nigga
Cause I'm going out with a fist raised
and a fistful of money give it to the fifth grade
Drink a fifth of Hennessy and then take another fade
with a democratic politician from C.A.
They don't wanna see a B-L-A-C-K
making some scratch like a hall of fame DJ
Give us some free Js put us in the PJs
Now we in the county jail calling for a three-way
Goddamn your call
Marketing base where your goddamn barcode?
Stuck in the street was dark like Harpo
Black man tell me where your goddamn heart go?
Although I'm in the land of milk and honey
nobody never gave me shit
When I got my first chain all them niggas tried to take it from me
I had to fight back and shit get it back and shit
And you rap niggas looking funny
Tryna talk back and shit like he back that shit
Acting like you real or something
Nigga ain't popped no steel ain't popped no collar
Go pop some pills or something
You trying real hard to appeal to someone
I'm being myself my B-F-F is a B-M-W
with your B-M in it and a stash box glove
And the medicine the doctor gave a nigga won't help
I'm at a limit where I be amazing myself
I bet I finish on a level with a black belt
I'm better anywhere every rapper get killed
like bla-bla-bla-bla! Where the knife at?
Cut-cut-cut where your life at
Career's over he's slumped over
And if I'm off beat know I'm un-sober
That's a new flow
...
Plus-plus Q gave me some Kush and some Nuvo
New dough for the new year and a sumo
and I rap here not a rapper I'm a raptor
That's a T-Rex and a v-neck for the rapture
I'm a factor in your facial
I'm a fracture to a fraction
of one half and I hate math
Pastor's like Eddie Long fucking maricone
Took me mighty long to get here nigga FUCK!
Told ya I was gonna fall off Q
We recording? You got that shit?
(Yeah yeah) Ugly our ugly ass 
(Fuck all that lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Nigga tell the world I'm Compton Compton
Nigga I'm Compton
Big ass condom mothafuck ya problems
Make sure that you don't bring ya man to my concert
I want you to suck my whole band after concert
Compton Compton
Nigga I'm Compton
Big ass condom mothafuck ya problems
I'm killin' every instrumental and I cosign em
And no 360 deals see that's advance at McDonald's
I spazz like a wino
Time and time again I often wonder where the time go my daddy and my mom know
I stomp a rapper like a Kappa or beat him like a congo
Then speed off in a Bronco OJ
Often reminisce about the old days Hardaway/Alonzo
Back then we was wearing LA gears with the rhinestones
Nowadays I'm coming headfirst like a rhino
I rhyme like I invented it my wordplay is unlimited
Now nigga spin my vinyl club going apeshit
Rap like I ain't ate shit shit on any A-list
Artist you a novice I'm recording on a spaceship
And we never nodded to your sing-le King K
D.O.T. is E.T.A. Primetime new clothes
Closeminded niggas getting clotheslined I suppose
Bitch I think I'm 2pac
Bitch I think I'm B.I.G
Bitch I think I'm Eazy-E I'm Big L and I'm ODB
And OMG I might OD yeah that be my new tape
That's appreciation tape thanks for knowing that I'm great
Middle finger to the fakeÖ FUCK YOU!
I'm the center of attention Hut 1 Hut 2
And my bitch a mutt too mixed with all types of shit
Got the keys to her pad like I'm bout to type and shitt
Got em all hype and shit I ain't even do nothing
Screaming out  tell you when I'm through nutting
Compton Compton
Nigga I'm Compton
Big ass condom mothafuck ya momma!
I go inside the studio and suicide bomb ya!
I bomb on Obama if that nigga get in my way
I'm smelling some vagina ya niggas some clitoris
Must be already dead saying I ain't killing it
I'm in the lead and winning it feeling like a stunt double
Walk up first we already in hell pass the blunt devil
Ya talking illuminati I'm talking eliminating
Everyone including Satan Lord knows heaven waiting
I'm the best rapper alive!
I'm the best rapper alive!
I'm the best rapper alive!
Tell Wayne to swallow his pride
Ya niggas talking that jive
I'm talking that Malcolm X
Martin Luther hustles through ya ripping through ya fucking set
I'm the best rapper alive!
I'm the best rapper alive!
I'm the best rapper alive!
Jigga man should've retired
I'm going after Kanye Lupe Fiasco and Nas
Snoop Dogg and mister Andre Eminem Busta Buss Rhymes
Y'all better bust no more rhymes
I'ma start busting your ass
If you walk with a mac truck then throw a bus on your ass!
Ya'll be no action no pass
We gon' start busting on niggas
Choppers be bustin' on niggas?
Chopper be bustin' on niggas!
Fuck you and fuck you fuck niggas
I'm do this for solo
Ain't not countdown fuck with us
TDE that's the logo
And your bitch eat my promo
Yeah she know the whole tape
I'ma make a nasty movie and make sure that ho tapes
They be like oh no wait he's bout to take the whole cake
You goddamn right gotta big appetite with a big tapeworm everyday I yearn another meal I'm hun-gray
Give some to my ho-mays
Nigga we made men and cavemen living in the stone age
I got this ignorant type shit from my uncle Tony
And may my nigga rest in peace
From heaven I know you see I'm Compton Compton
Nigga I am Compton
A big ass condom mothafuck LAPD DA and your honor got pumped up on Alondra
Trap my body lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
As my mind drift and then split
Like the middle of a spliff
I begin to catapult off the cliff of the unknown
I got a feeling in my funny bone that weíre not the same
Just antonyms of another age
My soul flock with the carefree
Words of the wise I spoke a hundred times like a gold D
Haha LMFAO I hate yíall but I spread love like mayo
That spreads slugs
My brain matter is a brain fatter
See my vision or my visioníll stare at ya
This is the future if I say so
You copping fitted caps Iím about to go and cop a halo
rap and I mean it lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Mic check Ali
The mic don't sound right
Even the shooters can get shot get shot quick
Even a shooter can get shot (Ali get it right)
Even the shooters can get shot get shot quick
Even a shooter can get shot
Uhh tell 'em I got plenty arson to sell 'em
Heat by the fleet displaying it very seldom-
ly I write till I ignite my cerebellum
Close to the  like I had three felons
Come from a city where niggas show no remorse
and a corpse is just another homi' taking it's course
Of course my dream was to play in the final four
till twelfth grade came and I was only five-four
So now I'm a graduate looking to get hired
My pops knew a security job he inquired
But ignorance is bliss that's what I was told
I stopped dropped and rolled when somebody yelled fired
Now there goes another black boy unemployed
with a lot of free time which means he's vulnerable
to run into a lot of crime I wrote it in my rhymes
and when I left the porch this is what I realised
Even the shooters can get shot get shot quick
Even a shooter can get shot {yeah yeah yeah}
Even the shooters can get shot get shot quick
Even a shooter can get shot {yeah yeah yeah so what's up?}
(These streets ain't none to play with
It could get outrageous
Got burners .45s and gauges
That could really get outrageous)
So I'm thinking to myself what's next?
My security job only got me like two checks
My pops disappointed told me I'm fucking up
Irresponsible and I needed some growing up
I told him I would go back knowing I wouldn't go back
Working a nine-to-five is something I couldn't stomach
Surrounded by the violence all the goons and the goblins
With ninety-nine problems I still kept it one-hundred
These streets can be rather manipulating
Especially when you're black and just turned eighteen
So what's a kid to do when you're fresh out of school
and the negatives of the world constantly following you?
Not to mention a local henchman Compton sheriffs all like terrorists
Osama with badges that talk arrogant
That boy fifteen fifteen and he holding a .45
Thirty years apart thirty years before he realised
Uhh soon as the beat drop
I bet some heat pop on a block close to you
Like a relative you sipping Belvedere
while these niggas planning to rob Mr. Belvedere yeah
I'm a good kid tryna stay righteous as Martin Luther
But it seems like all my friends eventually become shooters
And niggas banking on you is something that you'll get used to
You can either fight back or run home and grab your Ruger
Whatever you do just make sure that you willing to do it
Being too indecisive can get you killed inside your Buick
cause you stopped at the light five minutes from midnight
with no tinted windows that nigga surely had shot through it
You tell me you listening but you don't hear the music
Call you Billy Hoyle when turmoil was near
This is the realest right here when I lost my very first job
My pops said  I said I couldn't aim for the sky
Cause even shooters can get shot get shot
These streets ain't none to play with
It could get outrageous
Got burners lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Rare Breed Kendrick Lamar
Breed up or speed up
Breed up or speed up
Breed up or speed up
This is for my niggas that be all blacked out
Hit the streets a hundred deep what Rare Breed about?
Riding hard bending corners the girlies on us
Leave a hater scarred big Dressers sit at the stop light
Road Glides and Road Kings deep in my hindsight
You do it right or don't do it at all
Put that candy paint on it ride them twenty-threes homie
Custom seats custom brakes hit the streets and ball
Centre of attention like bynum and gasol aw
You know that killer californication
When you feeling like you sitting on a ceiling chasing
Dreams hoping this conglomerate can run the nation
It's abomination how we bomb yo' block
I'm talking Big Punch K-Dub Baby Slip Billy
Bad Azz Rare Breed we all we got
See 'em out show 'em love chunk the deuce give it up
It's a lot of bike clubs but they not this hard nope
Pounding on the highway stretch
All blacked out making sure we on deck
Might catch us on them Dressers or them Road Glides yes
Tell the world I'm a Rare Breed baby
Breed up or speed up (don't stop don't stop)
Breed up or speed up (don't stop don't stop)
Breed up or speed up I'm a Rare Breed baby
And it's like that to the death though
Two-oh-point and seeing decimals I ain't lying
Pounding on the interstate in the state that shines
Or we might be in a hood near you
Around the globe baby Rare Breed under control baby
Them pipes loud the movement entice crowds
We heat it up in the cold baby
It's three degrees out? Then you should see me out
Or see bout them kitty cats and how they go meow
Ha-ha we be the father of Harley drivers so don't bother
Show you infants how to whip it have a bye-bye
Posers try to hang? Then we hang 'em by the collar
Silk lannie Rare Breed family
Stunting hard like a black circus voila
Breed up or speed up get ahead
So with that said lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"This this this should be played at high volume
Preferably in a residential"
Life's a bitch life's a bitch
But I'ma keep the pussy wet yep
I'ma keep the pussy wet yep
I'ma keep the pussy wet yep
I'ma keep the pussy wet yep
My dick hard her pussy wet
And I'm born with my dick in the earth you can tell me how much am I worth?
I'ma die with my heart on my sleeve many die on their hands and their knees
And I'm taking whatever I need and I'm raping the government fees
And you're wasting your time and I'm speaking my mind on whatever I think
And I think that I'm Richard Pryor with priors of thirty-two fiends
And that means that I here fly higher tell me why are you staring at me?
Matter of fact man your eyes is wired you inspired by Kendrick the King
Maybe it's cause I'm living my dream man I sing what I'm living about
in the words that come out of my mouth they requires a random routine
of being organic granite then my access is granted
to represent the shit that I conceive and I guarantee that I'ma bring
my mind body and soul and I sold all these records off being myself
And I wish you can do the same thing man it's easier than a stripper
or tying a baby shoestring you stringing along
And really why you writing a song? Your passion for music is never in sync
No secret societies guided me to the world of unseen
And they tell me life is a bitch who gives a shit? You can believe
I'ma keep the pussy wet yep
I'ma keep the pussy wet yep
My dick hard her pussy wet
I'ma keep the pussy wet yep
 I came  I went
 I came  I went
 I came  I went
Bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch... 
And I see that you envy of me enemy ghosts don't prosper
Better yet they do die eventually if I'm at the event you will leave
cause you know and I know that I go +H.A.M.+ even if Muslims is seen
In my rearview I'm near you but I don't hear you can you hear this breathe?
With an oxygen mask and the masses keep saying I'm speaking for them
And if you can imagine my madness then you can see where I've been
And the places the Louis has been and I swear I've been doing this when
you was in pajamas watching B-B-Barney and-and Friends
And you couldn't harm me even with ten weapons of your choice riding in
army tanks you shot blanks and I shot back made your duplex bend
What the fuck you think? If I don't think then I'm right back where the city sin
What the fuck you drink? Thinking I can't write these raps in the Lions' Den
When I hear that you lying then it's murder she wrote ain't no hope
You go downhill man where's your slope? Get thrown downhill tied to a rope
Tell the world to put intervals man I swear this the antidote
And they tell me that life is a bitch who gives a shit when you know that
And I see that you envy of me
Don't prosper better yet they do die eventually
cause you know and I know that I go  even if Muslims is seen
In my rearview I'm near you
Hi hoe lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Hold up is that you?
With them big ol' thighs after school
J-305 had gave me high five when I said I'm in hot pursuit
You said I won't ride until Kendrick drive a new Monte Carlo that cruise
And that shot my pride I tried to improv but no freestyle I never do
Ya lookin' for the nigga with the tallest 'fetti'
Ya overlookin' every nigga that ain't quite ready
To make it rain on ya like I'm boutta break a levee 
That pussy petty
Yeah ya nails did ya hair did your cellphone is selfish
It only got numbers that come with a hummer her new prima donna I smelt it
Tried to make ya mine.. 
Tried to make some time.. 
But I ain't got the time or the patience to stop and wait in line.. 
Her dream soap Versace she fall for Armani
I only deal with rich niggas fuck you and Mitt Romney
I'm grown now I'm on my own now I'm poppin'
Change my phone now when I get home now I got options
Fast forward lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I'm way past gone and I just see the bottom of this bottle
I just woke up to a room full of models
Who know that I ain't calling them tomorrow
It's been so long since I have been on this level right here
Waking up after I pass out I put my clothes on before I mash out
Cause I've been loosing my mind wasting my time
Fucking these hoes and sipping this wine
Skipping the line to get in aside
Playing the part and feeling them lies
Shawty says she need a ride
I tell her cool and get ready to slide
Next in my room I hit her from behind
Doing and doing like I'm pressing rewind
Cause I have never baby sitting I be lining up shots
I'm a show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor then you dive in it
Swimming pool full of liquor then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles then I wash them apart
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'm a dive in it all
Pour up drank head shot drank
Sit down drank stand up drank
Pass out drank wake up drank
Faded drank faded drank
Now I done grew up
Round some people living their life in bottles
Granddaddy had the golden flask
Back stroke every day in Chicago
Some people like the way it feels
Some people wanna kill their sorrows
Some people wanna fit in with the popular
That was my problem
I was in the dark room
Loud tunes looking to make a vow soon
That I'm a get fucked up fillin' up my cup
I see the crowd mood
Changing by the minute and the record on repeat
Took a sip then another sip then somebody said to me:
Nigga why you babysittin only two or three shots?
I'm a show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles then I watch em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'm a dive in it
Pour up drank head shot drank
Sit down drank stand up drank
Pass out drank wake up drank
Faded drank faded drank
Okay now open your mind up and listen to me Kendrick
I'm your conscience if you do not hear me
Then you will be history Kendrick
I know that you're nauseous right now
And I'm hopin' to lead you to victory Kendrick
If I take another one down
I'm a drown in some poison abusin' my limit
I think that I'm feelin' the vibe
I see the love in her eyes I see the feelin'
The freedom is granted as soon as the damage of vodka arrive
This how you capitalize
This is parental advice
Then apparently I'm over influenced by what you are doin'
I thought I was doin' the most then someone said to me
Nigga why you babysittin only two or three shots?
I'm a show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles then I watch em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'm a dive in it
Pour up drank head shot drank
Sit down drank stand up drank
Pass out drank wake up drank
Faded drank faded drank
I ride you ride bang
One chopper one hundred shots bang
Hop out. Do you; bang?
Two chopper two hundred shots bang
I ride you ride bang
One chopper one hundred shots bang
Hop out do you bang
Two chopper two hundred shots bang
Nigga why you babysittin only two or three shots?
I'm a show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles then I watch em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'm a dive in it
Pour up drank head shot drank
Sit down drank stand up drank
Pass out drank wake up drank
Faded drank faded lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
30 millions later my future favors
The legendary status of a hip-hop rhyme savior
Travel round the atlas in this spaceship candy-coated
My day shift's been devoted to fuckin' up bundles of paper
Pi equals 3.14
The devil's pie is big enough to justify the whole thing
Wait up
Lampin' in Jamaica the cloud's turnin' my thought's turnin'
Burnin' castor oil I been determined to make an earnin'
This seed in this soil is classified
I'm satisfied when I strategize my kid's future
I ain't sanctified enough to say that I won't shoot ya
I done vandalized the industry full circuit
The earthiest slash thirstiest nigga you know versus this
Scum of a land that transcends two surfaces
The richer the poorer the bigger the picture
The more blood pours but...
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
My fans can't wait for me to son ya punk ass and crush your whole lil shit
I'll Big Pun ya punk ass you a scared little bitch
Tiptoein' around my name nigga ya lame
And when I get at you homie don't you just tell me you was just playin'
Oh I was just playin' with you K-Dot c'mon
You know a nigga rock with you bro
Shut the fuck up you sound like the last nigga I know
Might end up like the last nigga I know
Oh you don't wanna clash? Nigga I know
I put my foot on the gas head on the floor
Hoppin' out before the vehicle crash I'm on a roll
Yellin' "1 2 3 4 5
I am the greatest rapper alive"
So damn great motherfucker I've died
What you hearin' now is a paranormal vibe
House on the hill house on the beach nigga 
A condo in Compton I'm still in reach nigga 
I'm fresh out the water I'm 'bout to breach nigga
The five foot giant woke up out of his sleep nigga
Oh yeah oh yeah more cars more leers
More bars no peers no scars no fear fuck y'all sincere
I heard the whispers I curved the whispers you know what the risk is
Earth indigenous ya body reverting to stiffness
The whole world goin' mad
Bodies is adding up market's about to crash
Niggas is fake rich bitches is fake bad
Blacks that act white Whites that do the dab
Donald Trump is a chump know how we feel punk
Tell 'em that God comin'
And Russia need a replay button y'all up to somethin'
Electorial votes look like memorial votes
But America's truth ain't ignorin' the votes
It's blasphemy how many gon' blast for me?
I prophesied on my last song you laughed at me
Oh when the shit get brackin' don't you ask for me
How many leaders gon' tell you the truth after me?
G Malone big bro kudos to him
I was 2 Os from an M tryna be big as Em
30 millions later my future favors
The legendary status of a hip-hop rhyme savior
Salmon and capers fame and lawsuits
You looking at me in Chucks I'm looking at y'all suits
Me and Top Dawg playing rock papers scissors in court
And real hustler lose money just to go get some more
I said it's like that drop one classic came right back
'Nother classic right back
My next album the whole industry on the ice pack
With TOC
You see the flames and my E-Y-E's
It's not a game and the whole world is going mad daddy
It's sad daddy
My only advice? Go and get you a bag daddy
Lee Baca on trail tryin' portray a boxer
Beatin' up on my niggas while the COs watch 'em
Tables turn lesson learned my best look
You jumped sides on me now you 'bout to meet Westbrook
Go celebrate with your team and let victory vouch you
Just know the next game played I might slap the shit out you
Technical foul I'm flagrant I'm fouled
They throwin' me out you throwin' the towel
Look at the crowd they (nah I don't like that)
Look at my smile I'm smirking
Calm but urgent (that ain't the style fuck)
So many verses you live in denial 
So many verses I never run out what?
You making him nervous the music is loud
Hoe Jay Z Hall of Fame sit your punk ass down 
So that means you ain't bigger than rapping 
So that means no more playing the backseats 
My spot is solidified if you ask me 
My name is identified as 
I'll let y'all worry about a list I'm on some other shit
A difference between accomplishments and astonishments
You know what time it is ante up this is in forever
Y'all got till April the 7th to get ya'll shit together
Let's get it!
Look look lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Uh a lil' Compton nigga
Just a lil' Compton nigga one time
for my niggas
You know Compton nigga
Just a lil' Compton nigga uh uh
Kendrick Lamar uh
Yo uh
Back with a vengeance
Back with my heart and I'm venting
Back with another war pendant salute me or shoot me
I never wore a kufi ignored my religion
I believe there's one God there's one love
and I believe if I fly we all doves
I make a way for my people to see the light
Brighter than yellow bones me and my microphone could be one
until I see BIG 'Pac see Pun but this ain't 
I can't take a  my city needs me
I gotta win the proof is in the pudding
and I've been fucking with Cosby since I was ten you damn right
Any means necessary get the campaign right
Very emotional I'm a Gemini
I love hard and I fight harder a born author
A born starter in the game for real
And the games appeal to the struggling youth with no father
You can't learn if mistakes ain't made
You gotta pay homage in order to get paid
You gotta pay attention in order to pay dues
and you ain't getting it till you start paying jewels
Lifestyles of the young and the broke
With my hand under oath I recite these quotes
And if I ever lied then I'd die where I stand
as a pest not a man with a roach and a rat
In order to see the front had to play the back
We played our position we let y'all play yourself
Y'all made your decision we pray while we prey on competition
to flip another page of Corinthians
I see stars when I write these sentences
Words crash cars when I write these sentences
Open jail bars for my niggas' life sentences
Free J-Dub kill all witnesses
Y'all better hope 2012 really real
cause the way I feel I'ma make y'all suffer
and take y'all supper
I haven't ate in the last twenty-two summers and I'm twenty-two now
It's about to go down so un-God my God
We got this art it's ours in awe
Oh I'm free
Finally I can say I'm me
The Kendrick Lamar EP a classic EP
The question concerned
I dropped it and gave the whole world my germs
Hope y'all infected hope y'all ain't have no protection
Still I'm progressing room for improvement
Make room for the groom married to his music
I was at the XXL just trying to excel
Networking meanwhile my stomach turning
Wanted to be a part of it catering to my audience
J. Cole running late if he don't show up
think I can take his place? Ladies start laughing
No pun intended I ain't being sarcastic
Homie popped up with about twenty bags and
fresh off the plane I couldn't even complain
My nigga was on his hustle I introduced him my name
Said I'll see him on the bubble in the future
My dude I salute ya contributing to real shit
Talk about it make the people talk about it make the world see
For every emcee that I see tryna steal flow
Tell 'em build a boat like Nore
and take 'em to a place that I'm sure we all can blow up boom
I ain't a star yet but I'm getting close to 'em
And if you see a wack artist do more than boo him
Throw him off the banister shoot him on camera
Then kill his manager than hang a banner up
that reads you can't proceed without being conceived
by one album of the nineties
On Rosecrans where you'll find me
And all my niggas is grimy but I remain the good kid
tryna make a difference where I'm from where you live
Oh no we've got to slow the city down
I told the homeboy pump his brakes
He said that he'd rather put the pump to his face
Sawed off torture
Turn the saw off scorching
Hot where I'm from the newscasters don't come
Another ratchet got dumped in the trash can
I ain't done a baby in there with it
She said postpartum did it
Molested at eleven and she always reminiscing
when he was undressing said he'll only be a minute
That's why a nigga always kicking something with some feeling
I should have been a dentist I should have been a blizzard cold
Flash pose flash pose
A critic paparazzi got me on my toes
I wanna jump on 'em like a tadpole
Tadpole assholes
Tryna kill my dreams not elevate?
Those are not my dreams I'll be straight
with a little bit of passion
and a  like an Aston
Motivation from Nipsey or Glasses Jay Rock
Mykestro Bad Lucc U-N-I
Dom Kennedy MURS and Fashawn
Lady G Willie B in time
I'ma  like a motherfucker sniffing lines
Go like I've never seen a red light shine
Flow till my heart hit the flo' when I'm dying
Heart of a lion tell 'em get in line
and pass the baton I won't pass it back
I ain't good at dimes
If the bitch bad I could pass you a dime
Haters better duck like I'm passing a pine
Know I'm the king and I'm passing you pawns
Pad of the hill that's a passion of mine
Promise I shine
like two mics under heavy strobe lights
I'ma need to mics just to get my point across
I'ma get my joint across lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
One two one two one two
One two one two one two
One two
Turn the headphones up Ali
One two
You mix with Dre right?
Turn the headphones up
When the whole world see you as Pac reincarnated
Thatís enough pressure to live your whole life sedated
Find the tallest building in Vegas and jump off it
But I could never rewrite history in a coffin
So Iím talking to God ìCan you wash all these demons off me?î
This last year Iíve been quite similar to Aaliyah
Control my own destiny only rapper that steered
A G5 gís give high-fives to me and say ìKendrick just persevere.î
The presents of being rare
As I lay in this four corner room staring at candles
Thinking ìHow can I make an example for this generation of Compton?î
My biggest fear is not feeling accomplished
Or turning back to that same accomplice
My past life was a child with no act right
Trying to smile in a room of killers turn into a crash site
Influenced by niggas that spoke the gang culture fluent
Assuring that some blossom early and some truant
Thank God for the album I idolized
Itís dark and plus hell is hot thatís the start of this crazy ride
Two young niggas me and Dave inside the garage
And thought we was Jay and Dame
Thats the lane that we tried to drive
Truthfully I just started rappiní to get away
I never thought that your favorite rapper would want a verse
My nigga got hit 25 times with a K
Make the decision ride the beat or ride in a hearse
Now Punch is my mentor Top Dawg is the coach
Jay Rock is my older brother I was there when he wrote
His name on his record deal we had figured the coast
Would live on a pedestal once the shit hit the store
Find ourselves scrambling tryna figure it out
Soul told me that the record shop íbout to go in a drought
Q ainít got a place to stay and íbout to sleep on the couch
We eating off each other tray the dollar menu amount
Meanwhile the coast going hard at each other
The younger rappers had wanted some of the OGsí comfort
But I ainít need it
I never screamed out the ëNew Westí I didnít believe it
They brought each other down I was planning out my achievements
I need to separate myself to stand out
I need a better way to take your fans now
I need to kill you motherfuckers dead
Three hollow tips aimed at your head
Iíll be damned if the chopper jam now
And we never asked for no hand out
In the midst of it all I recall a called when you said how
We could never resolve in The Hall of Fame
And Iím with the trial with a Bible and a rifle
I play the game as I plan blow
Hollaback at me nigga
And if they said Iím the one why you asking me nigga?
Cause When the whole world see you as Pac reincarnated
Thatís enough pressure to make you just open the Book of David
And pray to God hat make it or live your life in the matrix
Cause falling off is a sickness I heard that itís quite contagious
I need to separate myself to stand out
I need a better way to take your fans now
I need to kill you motherfuckers dead
Three hollow tips aimed at your head
Iíll be damned if the chopper jam now
And we never asked for no hand out
Iíll take you back to that pack of Black & Milds in my hand now
In the midst of it all was cooking with pots and pans out
Looking forward as four of us are forced to form a new clan now
Fast forward as I wait in line for this passport
The homies was still poor was working at Jansport
Whoever thought that Rosenberg would mention me to Dre?
Even Vanessa from XXL had told him to press play
And there goes my fate now Iím on stage with Snoop
Gave me the torch and I ran with it in high pursuit
Rapped with my forefathers even record with Gaga too
Lyricist of the year fuck am I supposed to do? Rock
Laughing at you niggas out there who thought we was flukes
Exaggerated shit that we had rapped had came true
Thought I was aggravated when Warner had let me loose
I was honest see they was haunted when Mike Jones didnít recoup
Cool cause niggas wonít outdo us in the booth
Even when my album leak fans still buy it for proof
I came I saw I conquered
No shame I blame all of this on Compton
Thinking about when Sherane tried to set me up
Cold game full circle they set up her
I put my life in these twelve songs my fight in these twelve songs
The fight to ignite any wrong or right that I prolong
The story was short film the glory of him and them
The worry of mother who donít recover when baby killed
The trial and tribulations the newer Miseducation
The view of body wasting you knew somebody who didnít make it
The angry the adolescent lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Praise to the almighty HiiiPower
Me and my niggas 
3 eyes to my alumni
Feel this
I wanna hear it turn me up (My niggas on point game tight)
Turn me up a little bit more nigga (My niggas on point game tight)
My nigga Cole in this motherfucker. Wassup nigga?
(My niggas on point game tight)
There we go yeah turn me up
Picture plenty pussies throwing pelly guns at me
Paranoia making it more than difficult for me to sleep
Pinnacle I know I be centerfold I know I got
But they hate to frame me as the Mona Lisa of Hip-Hop
So retaliation is a must when we bend the block
My niggas dump'n out the roof 
Drive past guns blast shooting up the charts too
Me K-D-O-T put TNT inside my suit
Walk inside the label struck a match and then I blew bomb
C4 everywhere C4 everywhere
I got three hoes with me it smell like Dior and derriËre
Decoy Dodge slow you can detour to Heaven's stair
So walk inside Hell's dungeons I just might derail something
They pussies I smell something
You douche on the daily niggas you pushin' em daisies
I push on gas on the Mercedes nigga
Came in this game with a Rolie chain and a dream
Became reality made some casualties my choppers scream
And now we dump'n out the roof 
Drive past guns blast shooting up the charts too
Me K-D-O-T put T-N-T inside my suit
Walk inside the label struck a match at then I blew
Niggas that thought that Good Kid gon' flop or I might go pop
Or your bitch won't drop knees when my shit drop
You're too infatuated with the fucking numbers
Which make it easy for me to divide and conquer
I come from Compton we ain't have it all
Smoke a space inside the cafeteria hall
And I'm putting fear in you all
See your skeletons shaking
Jump out your body you Ricky Bobby until you naked
Y'all pray to God this week I be putting out bombs
I pray to God this beat is good enough for Shyne
If not J. Cole your shit is trash
But at least my opinion just made everyone laugh
This is where we at? I guess it's entertainment
I guess this is speculation making a classic came with
If I ain't have the patience I'd probably self destruct
Real people want real music the jig is up
My niggas won't put guns up
Your worst fear is confirmed
We love that you crashed and burned
The real is back
K. Dot it's your turn take your victory lap
King Cole salutin' Compton's own King Kendrick
That's the sky is falling the wind is calling
Stand for something or die in the morning
The city hail King Kendrick Lamar
The world hail King Kendrick Lamar
This is my life and I look at it like it's my last
And I'm lookin' right past the future as I reminisce on my past
And I don't even think how I used to my mind is on rocket blast
And I don't even drink like I used too and I don't even smoke
So you know this natural flow is for users since they want to go to rehab
Lookin' at the coke that he had matter fact that followers bother them
Then but I won't say my bad see I just lay in the cut
Watch the product stack up lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Reporting live Compton California
The good kid
I'm tired of doing it
the same way gotta flip it before I ruin it
Make it all make sense 'fore you put your two in it
Opinions get thrown out the window with Ron Browz
So turn me up loud so the world can hear
And when your favorite rapper rapping you should cover your ears
and go death go death I said
Go death and stay dead a shot to the forehead to kill 'em
But I ain't here for no ignorance
I'm militant as Martin Luther King and a penalty
Aiming for my dreams till a bullet bounce off
one of my deep thoughts and hit a nigga in the spleen
I've got in it my genes you probably think I'm talking bout a pistol
but I'm talking bout the blood of a warrior
My nigga what you worry for? I ain't tryna jock your swag
I'm tryna better my craft and stay relevant yeah
As time flies hope that I'm soaring
Far from the boring I'ma
tell you why it's important
I'm not the boring I'ma
If I think and act like you do
the world will die from not seeing something new
And if I don't speak on how I feel
the world will lose out on what's really real
And if I should die before I wake
I pray my music could take my place
in the world... The Relevant
I'd rather you call me that
than a typical artist you call wack
on a YouTube blog holding ARs and stacks
of ones but never could be the one
to rally communities or lead a crowd of blacks
Passion is too strong I'm pissed off
So there's a chance you get pissed on R. Kelly was in the wrong
But that don't make you an exempt
That don't make you a no-go from hitting the fence
You ain't a blood and damn sure you ain't a crip
The crowd yell  but I ain't a pimp
I'm me I'm free as a five-finger discount
See you on the flip side right after I dismount
If I ever feel like I ain't pushing myself
I'll find a cliff then push myself off the edge
like a barber at the tip of your head
That's how I settle it life or death if I ain't relevant nigga
So feel free to not mind me
if you're used to boosters drug dealers and shooters on wax
Cause most of y'all niggas fabricate facts anyway
I could easily cheat and let the four-four play like a two-on-two orgy
But I've been there and it bores me
Got to the point where it did nothing for me
At forty I want to afford not to record bullshit in my story
And I'm mad young so I'd rather do it now before my career's done
This is pain plus glory victory is here
If I cried lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
(feat. Anna Wise Bilal Terrace Martin & Thundercat)
So I met this young lady ya know when I went back home. I was tryna spit my best game to her you know give her my best cap but she kept on snapping her fingers like *snaps*. I said "You know what girl? You crazy." Then she asked me what he said
A peace of mind
That's what the Asian said I need a divine
Intervention was his religion and now it's a prize
Him believing in Buddha me believing in God
Asked me what am I doing he said 
Meditation is a must it don't hurt if you try
See you thinking too much plus you too full of yourself
Worried about your career ever think of your health?
A piece of land
That's what the Indian said I needed demand
Telling me longevity is in the dirt buy some property first
Profit a better dollar with generational perks
Equity at his best really you should invest
These tangible things expire don't you expect
Income with so much outcome and yes
Look at my heritage we blessed
A piece of nookie
That's what the black man said I needed to push me
To the limit satisfy my hunger
Do it all for a woman hair cut to a wool
We like to live in the jungle like to play in the peach
What you saying to me?
He said "homie come back to reality for a week"
Nookie is power cut on a new chick every night
I wouldn't be prouder you should allow it
A piece of mines
That's what the white man wanted when I rhyme
Telling me that he selling me just for $10.99
I go platinum from rapping I do the company fine
What if I compromise? He said it don't even matter
Make a million or more you living better than average
You losing your core following gaining it all
Put a price on my talent I hit the bank and withdraw
Hit the bank and withdraw hit the bank and withdraw
Put myself in the rocket ship and I shot for the stars
Tell me what you accomplished and what he said to the boy
I'mma make you some promises that you just can't ignore
Your profession anonymous as an artist
I don't target your market
You ain't signing your signature when I throw you my wallet
A lot of rappers are giving their demo all in the toilet
World tour your masters mortgage I need ya
I holler 
I shall enjoy the fruits of my labor if I get freed today
What the black man say?
Tell 'em we don't die tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Two tears in the bucket I cry with you
But I could never lie with you
I could never afford not to afford
I could never put my plans to the side with you
I could never see a red light
Like a deer with a headlight
I freeze up when I re-up
See I rarely have patience
And you're relating
Only the moment to complete us
Why you hate to work for it?
The reason why I hate to wait for it?
See a nine to five was so jive turkey
But when Thanksgiving came that check didnít hurt me
You plead the fifth
I read the fifth amendment
We both criminals with bad intentions
They say time heals all
But if I could shortcut
My success Corvettes by tomorrow
But why you so sad?
Walking around with them blue faces
They say Iím down on my luck
And itís something I gotta have
Blue faces
I hit the bank today and tell them color me bad
Blue faces
Get that new money and itís breaking me down to the top
My home girl got a credit card scam
She got a scholarship to college but she donít give a damn
Intuition got a black woman wishin'
She sayin' this on the phone with the noodles in the pan
I know you woman I console you woman
You feel like the universe owes you woman
Oh the anticipation hoping you could make it
Women don't prosper chasing education
But you're talented and can't handle it
And your homegirls can't be your manager
365 times four plus more
Can't get it right tell me do you got the stamina?
But ain't no money like fast money
Even today I'm considered a crash dummy
A rapper chasing stardom how can I fast forward?
My accolades better than all them
But why I'm so sad?
Walking around with them blue faces
They say Iím down on my luck
And itís something I gotta have
Blue faces
I hit the bank today and tell them color me bad
Blue faces
Get that new money and itís breaking me down to the top
I love god I love speed I love drank I love me
I love oceans in the deep
I love women I love me
I love God
But Iím scared of god speed
Sometimes
Wrote this song looking at a broke home maybe
You know the poverty stricken the little broke boy and baby
Somebody say "Kendrick American they shoí is crazy"
And I said ìwhy?î
Then he looked me in the eye
He said homie you messed up
You breaking my good luck
You wishing for miracles
Living through shit youíre crying hysterical
Settle for everything complain about everything
Say your soul crack my world amphetamines
You projects ainít it I live in a hut
You living to keep warm
Iím living to pay rent
I paid my way through
Praying to Allah
You played your way through dealing with Wi-Fi
Go ish yourself you talking to strangers
Same thing go for the ones you came with
We all came on the boat looking for hope
And all you can say is that youíre looking for dope
These days ainít no compromise
Your pain ainít mine half the time
A brand new excuse ainít nothing to me
See I made my moves with shackled feet
Cape Town Cape Town Cape Town Cape Town
Cape Town Cape Town Cape Town
Cornrow Kenny
All morning with the mixed dashboards triple digits skrr
Morning with the mixed dashboards triple digits skrr skrr
Cornrow Kenny
So many plays on me I finesse
Palisade views with some sex
I lost a lot of love for missionary
This the first time I react
Me and Top is like a Kobe and Phil
A father figure play with him you get killed
Play with me and he will kill you himself
TDE the mafia of the west
Move in silence yeah we jugginí like that
Act of violence yeah we jugginí like that
I did a lot of dumb things in my past
Love will give me hope and I wonít relapse
Dave just bought a new nine eleven
Almost thought Iíd seen another plane crash
Q just bought a brand new McLaren
Rock-a-lack about to buy the projects
Moosa got his son dripping in gold
Me? I'm about to let my hair down on hoes
Ali 'bout to let his hair down on hoes
Top billing thatís a million a show
Might blow the whole Remy on Soul
Might tell Obama be more like Punch
Sounwave got a Grammy this year
Mack wop bet he do what he want
Level two level two
No Iím not done
You ainít gotta tell me that Iím the one
I could put a rapper on life support
Guarantee something that none of you want
Then hold me down and they yell something like
Rent is like twenty five hundred a month
What if I empty my bank out and stunt?
What if I empty my bank out and stunt?
You ainít gotta tell me that Iím the one
You ainít gotta tell me that Iím the one
You ainít gotta tell me that Iím the one
You ainít got you ainít got
You ainít got you ainít got
Tell me that tell me that
That I am the One
You ainít got you ainít got
You ainít got
You ainít got tell me that what Iím the one
Yes lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
I swear you people don't know Kendrick you don't know him
But you say you want some more Kendrick I'm bout to show 'em
everything inside this human being I'm still growing
I'm a premature baby in this crazy life that we adore
Doors on the Lamborghini I want 'em
Can't afford 'em so I tell the swap meet to clone 'em
I guess I really am a vanity slave
I guess my ancestors turning in they graves
Burning money when I get it fuck a life savings
Overdraft bank statements just to make a statement
When I put this fashion on I'm a fashion junkie
Picking cotton in the country I bought this out the country
Whips and chains whips and chains Jacob know my name
He call me Kunta you my brother we come from the same
modern world that's your girl? I see she rocking Fendi
Try this on if it ain't upscale then you may offend me
Copping everything in sight ignoring they sacrifice
Amnesia if I see the Black Visa in my hand tonight
I show my dick and then I swipe that's a punchline
They was hot and I wore ice that's ironic huh?
Word around town that I'm all about the bitches
Word around town that I love my twenty-sixes
Word around town that I gotta stay paid
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
(It's the Guc' cock and shoot
Found my swag but lost my roof BURR! BURR!)
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave 
Aw man videos got me wanting hoes
Appetite for flashing lights all I can do is pose
A black male on Melrose
I should get blackmailed buy my people hell Rose
Niggas that ain't had shit for four-hundred years
overcompensate by over-accessorising with gear
Many of y'all don't see my vision
I do it for the love of Hip Hop and the love of bitches
Am I a hypocrite cause everyday I'm contradicting?
I think of how I'm living then I watch 
I know this can't be right my conscience tell me to stay righteous
It's unlikely to see what I like and say I don't like it
Biggest dilemma my priorities ignoring me
I wanna move accordingly but baby steps are premature remember?
I'm flying to the south and I'll be gone till November
to see my family tree but this a shame I'm yelling out timber
Cold oh so cold
How ironic? He bought it then sold his soul
Is it masonic for your vice to take it's toll?
The remote control is taking control
Lift up the doors
That Lamborghini I wanted come with a dumb-ass model that in Vogues
I like 'em both I'll wife 'em both
Take these motherfucking Jordans off put on my Loafs
Cause nothing goes bad every time I wear 
I'm getting more ass every time I wear 
They tell me it's a fad every time I wear 
But should I give a fuck when it bring me more coochie?
This a young nigga's pedigree I pray the Lord can better me
If not he bout to strike me down like this my third felony
Them voices keep on telling me Kendrick don't forget about us
I burned my wardrobe lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
Look inside my eyes and tell me you see a warrior
I never felt the feeling of euphoria
Pain forever prolong the pros and cons of prosperity is strong
Wake up in the morning and I gotta win
Not taking the victory thatís my only sin
And so I send a message to your messenger
A warning shot to let em know Iím serious
Iím ready for a war
When I roar it can break a glass window
The only thing for sure is the perfect way
To bend you on your back
Even if I gotta slither through the cracks
I can crack every code you deliver I attack
Every hole with a bomb squad sittiní on the tripod
Even if he try hard he can still die hard
Run but you canít hide
White flags you can pull ëem out fast
And tell me your last goodbye
I will I will climb the highest mountain
Before the flood comes
And all my fight is drowning in blood
What I gotta lose? What I gotta prove?
I guess war is my love
Make sure your next move is slick
Your best move is nothing
You know I take risk dark clouds I love it
Cause I can hide in the mist
Hop out and crushiní every soldier youíre with
So Iím 6 for 6
Iím sick with determination Iíll terminate ya quick
I lead the pack I follow no rules I see the traps
I know youíre close to falliní on your face
Unload reload hand me another case
Explode explode
The fire of my eyes
Is waiting on your demise
I know you hope your help is close by
I will I will climb the highest mountain
Before the flood comes
And all my fight is drowning in blood
What I gotta lose? What I gotta prove?
I guess war is my love
War is my love
I guess"Westside Right On Time" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Westside Right On Time"
I woke up this morning with my dick on hard
Didnít know why tilí I said fuck all yíall
Or fuck this world or Iíma fuck that girl
Good Kid m.A.A.d city watch my day unfurl
I put my life in these sentences
Fucking right itís either that or life sentences
Iím relatives with Benjamin
I used to give a fuck about my luck when I was innocent
Now what the fuck is up Iím at your neck like a pendleton
Nigga I need thought bitch I need thought
24 acres and a mule best believe that
They say he got smoked like where the weed at
And everything you hope bitch nigga we that
Pockets on Kelly Price back when it was í95
Buy a strap and then we cock it back when itís uncircumcised
Write a rap on how we just react when shot and hit the spine
Give you dap and then we slide through your hood 3 dozen times
So whatís good Iím looking for a pedicure
Pink Pussy that Pop preferably the kind that donít stink
Bomb ass head uh tilí she canít blink
And her eyes get watery you gotta pardon me
Iím so damn turnt when Iím in a two door with two hoes that follow me
And you know
Westside right on time tell emí hoes kudos
Eastside right on time they donít fuck with you though
In my hood getting to the money the pedal never broke
Came a long way from the ghetto dawg but
Westside right on time only thing fosho
Eastside right on time gunniní through your door uhh
I woke up this morning like fuck the world
Been hustliní since I was 12 man Iíve been through hell
Now these muthafuckers is trynaí tell me I donít care
Trying to tell yíall muthafuckas look yíall wasnít there
Turn posted up on the block waiting for
For my niggas posted up in the county praying for bail
You coulda cost your boy aint mad it wasnít cheap
Coming for a nigga just donít sleep shit for the week
Got on my Malcolm X frames now I cop the check mane
Cause every time I speak you hear my Malcolm X pain
Now them doors go up on that Lambí they like judo
Donít you like your bitches with an ass I like you hoe
First them bitches see me Iím gone Iím like pluto
Plus I keep them choppers the same they Mars Bruno
Brown bag full of cash babay MCM
When they ask me my name I tell ëem MC him straight up
All praise go to the most high
All phase turn into a drive-by
Part ways from the streets after fucking with the police guaranteed
Last nigga did that died donít you donít you donít you
Wanna live with the AK go for only 8k
Minus 6 racks minus one on top of that
Maylay snub him out then drag him out mouth like he date raped
Daytonas bending every corner while they say
All I ever wanted was a dollar bill and hundreds
And my teachers asked my woman when she smiled I stick my tongue in
Plus some cartoons and some cereal
Snoop Doggy on my stereo
Some British nights or LA kids when glowing nights
Or Perry Ellis jacket I would love a swapmeet full of
Chevrolets and candy paint thatís wet with Tammy on the bumper
Can I hump her? Poppa tell me yes
EBGC concert and a DJ Quik on cassette
Twenty years later hi hater