 lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








In the Trap house In The Trap House In The Trap House
Gucci Mane Check It


Choppa on the floor pistol on the coach
Hood rich so I never had a bank account
Junkies going in junkies going out
Made a hundred tho  In My Trap House
Money kinda short but we can work it out
Made a hundred tho  In My Trap House
Bricks going in Bricks going out
Made a hundred tho  In My Trap House

I'm tired of selling bricks I wanna go legit
I wonder can I sell 11 mill like 50 Cent
Cause platinum ain't enough I got too many vices
I love to smoke weed love to shoot dices
Say my life style extravagant I talk cash shit
Bitches say I'm arrogant well god damn Gucci cockie then
But at the same time young hoes be jocking slim
Gucci ain't shit lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









In the club tryin to find me a bad ass broad
Gave her five for the pussy then I took her to the mall
That's all babygirl thats all
18 for the whole nine five for the half 
Came up in the hood sellin fifty dollar slabs
Thats all playboy thats all


When them bottles start poppin girls start jockin 
The girl so fine that I took the chick shoppin
Dueces on the old school smokin on the dro fool
Know that its a hit my voice done hit the tool
Gucci mane frank nitty got it like 
That never seen a chick wit a body like that 
Shawty actin feisty too damn sheisty
Get wit Gucci mane baby u be so icy 
Can't lie baby girl you fine as hell
Will I hit it in the first date time will tell 
Baby says she like the way the top drop back
Never thought my home boy girl a jock like that 
40 on the braclet back to basic
A mill worth of ice in these playa haters faces
A mill worth of ice in Gucci mane good gracious
Got a slick flow and I think its contagious




I ain't wit that flexin cat he investing
Tell htese playa haters to check my bds benz
Like Yao Ming man my money staked tall
I deal for half a mill nigga thats all
See a broad Gucci mane ill buy
The same dude u shop wit im his supplier

Gucci Gucci Gucci yours truly thats me
Hood rich or cocky I just might be 
Wit my chain so bright Ray charles might see
More ice on me than a game of hockey
If you want a mean dick you can ride my six
Suck a good dick then ill get your hair fixed 
Gucci brake bricks down used to sell fifties
Watch on my wrist man it cost a buck fifty
King of the city Gucciman Frank nitty 
Ill gives a bitch a dove if she let me touch her tities



Gucci mane make you look lke you posed to look 
Gucci shoesGucci fit and a pocket book 
Let you party like a rock star ride in boxcar
Have you gainin weight everyday eatin lobster
All your friends invited so u can bring a partner
Gucci in the hood sellin weed like a docter
Fifty dollar slab to a trunk full of holes
Never at the house cause im always doing shows 
Teamed up with big cat now they want to chit chat
Role to crash raod lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








 
Put on your booty shorts 
Ooh I really like the sexy way you walk 
Ooh I like the way you make your booty talk 
Everytime you put on your booty shorts 
Believe dat girl

 
I don't holla at girls girls holla at me 
I don't throw dollars at girls they throw dollars at me 
Gucci you conceited bitch I might be 
Cause my chain so bright Stevie Wonder might see 
Yea you got a man but ya man ain't me 
Add ya whole life savings times three 
The mouth full of dro and the clothes ain't free 
So you gotta be a dimepiece to approach me 
How much 'unh can one girl take 
How many cakes can one man bake 
Playa on the real man I don't know 
I just love it when they fresh and they ass cheeks show 
Everybody stare when I walk in the room 
Smokin on purp got me high like the moon 
Chain front big like its New Year's Eve 
But my Rollie on fire like the first day of June



 
I neva seen a chick wit a body like that 
Gucci Mane Lil Flap bitch I got it like that 
Stuntin in the club wit my nigga Big Kap 
Made the waitress come back wit 20 mo' stacks 
Iced out chain got a iced out grill 
Independent I ain't got no deal 
Hood rich bitch do ya know the feelin? 
My watch worth damn near a quarter million 
Shawty got some shorts on oh lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Young Jeezy Boo)



I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy I'm icy 


All these girls excited 
Oooo ya know they like it 
I'm so icy so icy 
Girl don't try to fight it 
All yo friends invited 
I'm so icy so icy 


Got a house around my neck and my wrist on chill 
Any given time 250 in ya grill  
All I do is talk shit u can even add a couple grand for my outfit 
U betta act like ya know man in my hood they call me Jeezy da Snowman 
Ya get it? Get it? Jeezy da Snowman 
I'm iced out plus I got snow man 
Let it marinate y'all niggaz is slow man  
 
I used to get nineteen for a beat 
Call me Ginuwine the same 'ol G  
I'm da shit biiiaaattch I need toilet paper  
And some air freshener nigga fuck a hata 
These niggaz don't like me 
I'm wit da Gucci Mane and I'm so icy 




She diggin my fit she think I'm da shit 
Is this a chain on my neck or the watch in my wrist 
Maybe the ice in my ear or my bracelet 
But she look like the type that could take a dick 
Young Gucci Mane don't kiss me baby u can kiss my chain 
Ya gotta be a dime piece 
just to look at the rocks in my time piece 
I come through in a drop top Jag or Old-School Chevy 
wit da antique tags 
My pockets so heavy that I can't walk steady 
Niggaz coppin ice we done done it already 
Got a gold grill but it's not from Eddie 
I ride big Chevys cuza nigga ain't petty 
I'm icy so muthafuckin snowed up lil kids wanna 
be like Gucci when they grow up 
Me jeezy and Boo 
We ain't hatin pussy nigga 'gon and do what u do 
Cuz we icy so icy we icy so icy 




I'm hoppin out the range wit da seats piped out 
You can still see my chain even when da lights out 
Cuz dat's how monsters do it 
Spit a lil game give 'em that flosser music 
I'm da man from da C.H.I. 
These lames runnin 'round thinkin they so fly 
Got a lil buzz but Boo been too high 
I'm pullin hoes in da club and I don't even try 
I guess when she glance at my wrist she wanna get my dick 
I tell her holla at Jeezy if ya wanna pop Cris 
Get at Gucci Mane cuz he on some lil shit 
And you know I'm in da cut grippin my 4/5 
Like let a nigga trip naw we ain't runnin 
We just takin all ya chicks buyin drinks gettin blunted 
Groupies show you how to do this son 
We throwin out hundreds while you savin them ones 


I got so many rocks on my chain and watch 
I know I'm da shit my chain hang down to my dick 
I know I'm da bomb just look at my charms 
I know I'm da shit lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Gucci mane
Two Thangs
Trap House

Gucci Mane in da building (Gucci Gucci)
Laflare Big Kat 
Say we got it like that 
Everythang don't mean two thangs watch this



Young Gucci Mane got a style so strange
Every word I use might mean two thangs 

Young Gucci Mane got a style so strange
Every word I use dont mean two thangs

Uhhhhh...

It ain't the way its da principle 
What kind of student make mo money than da principal
And I never made da Honor Roll 
But I'm in the lunch line with a honor Roll
U pumpin' iron in da weight room 
I'm on da grind got a nine in da weight room
And I never play softball 
But I always kept da hard and da soft balls
U doin math on da calculator 
I'm weighin slabs doin math on a calculator
And I ain't tryna to write no essays 
I'm tryna to get a hundred pounds for my eses
U tryna learn how ta speak spanish 
But my connect tryna teach me ta speak spanish
And U a monitor in da hallway 
I'm allday on da grind wit a 4-way



Uhh....

U da one who won da Spelling Bee 
I'm da first 3rd grader wit a felony
And I never was a teacher's pet 
I'm da one who went and stole da teacher's cigarettes
And I never went on field trips 
I'm at Walter's tryna buy me some stash slips
And I always been cut throat 
15 takin' big niggas starter coats
Laflare entertainment by myself 
But I used to have a high right lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









We gon do it like this yall
We gon do it like that yall
We gon do it like this yall 
We gon do it like that yall 

All the money don't matter to me 
And all the ice don't matter to me 
Your girlfriends don't matter to me 
Any nigga don't matter to me 
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see 
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen 

The way you walk is so sexy
The way you talk is so sexy
The way you move is so sexy 
Everything about you girl 
My eyes deceiving me
She wants to be with me
She wants to sleep with me
Gucci needs two or three

I keep ya icy 
I have ya supa fresh 
I know ya like me
You like the way I dress

Lately in love with me 
I'm in light wood
The game me so head
I spit one night worth
Keep a college girl past her curfew
Says she like me and she like her too
Get a bitch suck a dick what she gon do?
Point at the house had ta point it on you
Tell your girlfriend & your best friend too
You can bring a whole dorm and they can have some fun too

All the money don't matter to me 
And all the ice don't matter to me 
Your girlfriends don't matter to me 
Any nigga don't matter to me 
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see 
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen 

The way you walk is so sexy
The way you talk is so sexy
The way you move is so sexy 
Everything about you girl 
My eyes deceiving me
She wants to be with me
She wants to sleep with me
Gucci needs two or three

I keep ya icy 
I have ya supa fresh 
I know ya like me
You like the way I dress

A pretty young thang in some applebottom jeans
Gold tooth man  for the gucci man team
Says she like the way my gold grill gleam
And my chain hang low down to 
Down to my ding a ling

Gotta bad yellow thang down at the AU 
 her she my girl
But the shit ain't true
I give a bitch the world but
She don't know what to do
Parasuca  office icey fresh hair dos.

All the money don't matter to me 
And all the ice don't matter to me 
Your girlfriends don't matter to me 
Any nigga don't matter to me 
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see 
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen 

The way you walk is so sexy
The way you talk is so sexy
The way you move is so sexy 
Everything about you girl 


We hit the louie shop
Cuz all we do is shop
Shut down the parking lot
When we jumped out the truck
Jeans and a halter top
They askin what my name
Money don't matter
Tourgad  and gucci mane

Ima watch you through the hood on the 26's
Buy you a braclete real expensive
Gucci only holler at the baddest bitches
Love they way a boss bitch handle her business
Gucci mane 
Fly down the street with my 
Gotta move the blow but its on the d-low
Thats what they made the train and the greyhound for

All the money don't matter to me 
And all the ice don't matter to me 
Your girlfriends don't matter to me 
Any nigga don't matter to me 
Cuz I don't need to fly to you 
But yous the baddest chick I eva see 
Come play on gucci team 
Every good king needs a queen 

The way you walk is so sexy
The way you talk is so sexy
The way you move is lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Don't let yo' mouth write a check that yo' ass can't cash
I'm the lawnmower man and yo' ass is grass

Gucci Mane make a nigga wear a shit bag
Actin bad like a kid at Six Flags
I'll send some slugs at yo' bitch ass
In my hood ain't no love for yo' bitch ass
Fifty pounds in the trash bag
Anybody move then that nigga gettin blast at
Hit a lick for 'bout fifty stacks
Niggaz trippin talkin 'bout Gucci bring the money back
Half a brick and I'm breakin that
I'm in the trap where the junkies at
I'm gettin fat fuck a jumpin jack
Zay' drop a track the whole industry be jockin that
I'll put a hole in your stocking cap
Work ya like a bitch at the Body Tap
I stay strapped blow you off the map
Niggaz hate behind my back but when they see me give me dap



Uhhhh...
I'm from the hood I'll punch your lights out
I took your jewelry now I'm iced out 
Gucci Mane got that 'caine in
I swear I never tuck my chain in
You just a thug gettin traded
I'm a thug entertainin
Really I'm a street nigga
That chopper on the seat nigga
All ready for that beef nigga
Yo Gucci gotta eat nigga
I guess I'll see you when I see you nigga
I wouldn't wanna be you nigga
Now ain't that like a nigga
Tryin to sound like a nigga
A lover not a fighter nigga
But let me see yo' lighter nigga



You see the bracelet on my arm my necklace my charm
I'm dangerous and armed with grenades and bombs
Y'all done slumped out with tons of ones
In tha club puttin on like 
Yours truly young Gucci all I do is hustle hard
Never had credit but used my 2000 Mastercard
Grimy and gritty hotter than cookin with lard
Gucci Mane on the block again and I'm cookin ya boys
It's that grown man shit nigga bring all the toys
When I snap they'll have to call the lieutenant and sarge
Bring the whole entourage see she thinkin you hard
And watch how quick I load the chopper bullets you gotta dodge
Uhhh... Gucci Mane on the track nigga
Zaytoven on the track nigga
Big Cat Laflare nigga
I'm the lawnmower man lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Gucci Mane 
Big Cat Laflare (Big Cat Laflare)
Let's get it 


Half a brick in a pyrex pot
Trying to make me a dope boy knot
Two pounds and I'm like real big
Stacking double see the nigga so big
I got to get it got to get it got to run my money up
Got to get it got to get it got to run my money up 

Uh! I'm going on a Trap-A-Thon
Gucci Mane like Gotti I'm the Dapper Don
Uh! Hundred G's in my Gucci bag
So if you look at me wrong I'ma do yo' ass
Uh Gucci Mane I'm the bread and butter
Run trap sell crack nigga spread your hustle
Uh pockets fatter than Oprah Winfrey
Gucci Mane I'm the baller of the fucking century
Uh iced out like Babe an' them
I can sell mo' records than Shade an' them
Uh Gucci Mane you're a cocky fella
I make it rain so you better get you umbrella
Uh and my watch is on another level
Clusters of diamonds and they bunched together
Uh why you talking so much shit?
Yo bitch cause I'm so rich



Okay somethin white like Michael Jackson
Bust the shit out the rubber then I start to trappin
Gucci Mane got the lone ticket
Run stack for the midget nigga fuck with me uh
Shawty say he short a couple stacks
The diamond chain on my neck is doing jumping jacks uh
Yo' money short like Spud Webb
Bend down nigga broke nigga need help uh
My money talking like Dikembe
Gucci Mane I make a Friday out of Wednesday uh
Mo dough than CVS
Still making moves thuggin with S-Y-S uh
All my shows better be whippin up
J's keep the ash scrubs when we pick it up uh
And me and Cad in a Hum-Vee
Yellow diamonds got me lookin like a bumblebee uh



Gucci got a plug for the square face
Got them quarter ki's I call 'em chicken wangs
Got the gangster peas I call 'em collard greens
We got them ex pills we call 'em skitters mayne
Gucci on the grind catch me at the spot
Got some cocaine jumping out the damn pot
Get some cool water it's too damn hot
All I want for Christmas is the dopeman knot
Hustle harder be smarter
We gonna eat when I bring it out the water
36 O's for the 17
Five for the drive lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Bun B Young Jeezy Killer Mike Jody Breeze 4-Tre Lil' Scrappy)



 
I rob in my black tee 
Hit licks in my black tee 
All in ya house searchin for bricks in my black tee  
I kill in my black tee 
I steal in my black tee 
Im real so I gotta keep it trill in my black tee  

 
You can catch me all in a nigga house wit a black tee 
Gucci Mane lil flair got a million dollar mouthpiece 
Black Tee black rag even got a black mask 
Leavin out ya house thirty pounds in my book bag 
Black 'lac black tag fin' to hit a lick again 
You a head bussa put yo hand wit yo fist den 
Franchise hate me probly wanna kill me 
Remixed it wit Scrappy and now the hood feel me 
Fresh on the scene wit the all black shirt 
Gucci so gutta he'll steal money out ya purse 
Lay up in ya yard rob ya when ya go to church 
Ya love white tees now ya face on the shirt 
Black tee black beat trappin on the front street 
Got a black pistol grip pump on the seat 
Black tee O.G. nigga don't approach me 
Bubble gum wappin ass niggaz can't smoke me 

 
It's Bun B in his black tee & G in his black tee 
Reppin UGK and BAT in his black tee 
Pimp in his black tee mack in his black tee 
Free Pimp C on the back of his black tee 
Gucci chain swangin on the front of his black tee 
Cadillac swangin smokin blunts in his black tee 
Stunt in his black tee Ball in his black tee 
It ain jus me pimpin we all got a black tee 

 
And I got a 1-2 Bun 
Got 36 O's for the 2-1 
Jeezy bout them green guys 
Got H-town goin for the ten or fives 
Im talkin cornflakes 
Got inner tubes wrapped in black duck tape 
Say it again dawg to make sure that ya heard me 
Got my four-x black tee up under my jersey 

 

 
I got the all black Chevy on all black rims 
Keep a small black gat in my all black Tims 
On the all-black leather there's a all-black mack 
Tryin to snatch get ya black ass blowed the fuck back 
44 to ya torso 4 in ya hat 
Kick doja to ya house n put it to a cataract 
Gorillas wit banana clips goin monkey in the back 
They'll put yo ass in that black box laid out flat 

 
Look I slang in my white but I bang in my black tee 
Gucci on the front Jody Breeze on the back street 
Chillin by a black Cadillac on sum black feet 
Scrappy in a Chevy watchin Scarface on the flat screen 
Told yall constantly ride wit the pump wit me 
Yup in my black tee wit the nine underneath 
I aint gotta keep tellin yall niggaz ima G 
Ima just cock back and leave sum blood on ya teeth 

 

 
Im s-stainless in my black tee 
Remainin in my black tee 
On the grind cause I like to shine in my black tee 
Diamond glistenin cross plus the background is a black tee 
Thieve then come back sprayin rounds in my black tee 
4-Tre I want war in my black tee 
Fuck them probly neva wore a black tee 
Workin in my black tee smokin purple in my black tee 
Im lookin for twelve all out yo curtain in my black tee 

 
Fuck a white tee I got my black tee and vest on 
Fuck a sturdy shot I'm goin straight for the bread home 
I don't know why yall niggaz dropped move b 
Cause now Raheem'll show ya punk ass a tree 
Bust nuts in my black tee lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Corner cuttin trap shakin
Booty hoppin you hear that beat knockin
 That's that beat knockin
 Yeah that's that beat knockin


Silverados sittin on 60's
Lamborghini do's just for the bitches
 That's for the bitches
 That's for the bitches
Dodge Magnum paint it platinum
He got to hear me in it so it's the fast one
 That is the fast one
 Nah that's the fast one
Bubble eye Hummer with the chrome grill
Ask your baby mama how that leather feel
 That's how the leather feel
 That's how the leather feel
Brand new 'Vette with the Calvins
Red and black same color as the Falcons
 As the Falcons
 As the Falcons




63M check the tag yessir
Under the hood nigga it's a geek monster
 Now that's a geek monster
 Now that's a geek monster
Old school Chevy with the Gucci guts
It's that latter day I'ma make 'em put it up
 I make 'em put it up
 I make 'em put it up
Paint drippin wet like my girl pussy
Me and Khujo smokin bubble kushy
 Yeah that's that bubble kushy
 Yeah that's that bubble kushy




Every woofer on I skated on chrome
Just the other day I got my lights on
 I got my lights on
 I got my lights on
20 cars deep everybody whippin
{?} run the mill all in them 26's
 Oh them the 26's
 Oh them the 26's
Bubble out bill with the frog face
Alligator seats that's how them ballers play
 That's how them ballers play
 That's how them ballers play
Old school Chevelle lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Since you can't get right Imma show you how to hustle show you how to hustle show you how to hustle.
Make a grind all night Imma show you how to hustle show you how to hustle show you how to hustle..
Put ya game down tight Imma show you how to hustle show you how to husle show you hwo to hustle.
It's an all night flight Imma show you how to hustle show you hustle show you how to hustle 



I let my hater be my motivator I got 20 pounds of purp in my frigerator. 
So damn an investergator when I re-up they bring it in a tractor trailor. 
I'm the king of Decatur man got that fruity dro any kinda flavor man 
Bubble cush or that purple thrax white rhino you ain't never heard of dat. 
I got them sevens fr the buck fifty 125 if an nigga fuck wit me.
 you doin bad buyin 50 slabs I'm in Texico buyin out sandwich bags 
Niggas churpin on my Nextel Gucci what it look like nigga fish scales 
I use to hold down the Hotel now I'm a member of the Big Cat Cartel





I use to be the nigga wit the dimes now I'm on the grind wit the 4's and the 9's. 
They say it's Gucci time to shine a young black Enterprenuer in nhis prime 
A nigga gota get the whole thang 19-5 evrytime my phone rang 
I got so much clientell black tee black Gat and a pocket scale 
So I can't go broke man niggas know me as the Dope man's dope man 
I made this one for my folks man for the J's thatb be smokin outta coke cans 
and they askin for a wake up you wanna a brick I gotcha covered like make-up. 
so wantcha holla atcha boy you drop a couple dollars I'll getcha coke lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Dammmn shawty! Why you hatin so hard?
Cause my chain worth a mill? Are my rims too large?
Dammmn shawty! You can get it like me
Ay don't be mad cause I'm in the club throwin up G's
Dammmn shawty! That shit fucked up
Niggaz mad cause I'm hot and they ain't gettin no love
Dammmn shawty! I'm straight from the streets
Sticks and stones break bones words motivate me


Gucci finally made it niggaz player hated
When I hit the club I got twenty G's to play with
Bitch I'm the brick man ballin like a rich man
Sippin on this syrup got me leanin like a kickstand
Recognize the pimpin feel the real attention
Laflare Entertainment I'm playin my position
Waitin on the bitches holla at the bitches
Never worked for Church's but I served a lot of chickens
Got a lot of G's so I do a little trickin
Hoe take this lil' money bitch and go on about ya business
Every day is Christmas every night is Valentine's
Ten in New York it's nine Alabama time
Moved to A-T-L the whole East Atlanta mine
Billion dollar deal I signed on the dotted line
Gucci 'bout to pimp shit lobster steak and shrimp shit
Big Cat Laflare you try and get your wig split




They say my chain so cold but my watch too hot
My earrings bling pinkie ring on fire
Twinkle twinkle see the stars pass by
Gucci Mane ain't hot? Youse a God damn liar
Why ask why? Niggaz go Bud Dry
A case of Cristal and a black fo'-five
Hoes in the club like "Who is that guy?
Drinkin Cristal throwin money in the sky?"
His fit so sharp and his wheels so large
The rims keep spinnin but the car stay parked
Fo' bedroom with the two car garage
Gucci just copped nigga I ain't got a flaw
Wet paint job and the automatic start
Semi-automatic if you try to play hard
Gucci Mane Montana lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Babygirl Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head


Shawtii gotta ass on ha 
Imma put my hands on ha 
Imma spend a couple grand on ha 
Imma pop a rubberband on ha 


Im tryna figure which chick imma see today .
Picked up a young gurl looked like Lisa Ray .
When I seen ha in da club said I gots to get ha 
cuz she look like she might be Trina sista .
Gotta gurl look just like Lauren Hill 
took ha to da crib cuz she kno' wut it is .
Imma bump ha but I cant stand ha daddy do' 
but she got mo' ass than Jackie O' .
Gotta brown skin gurl like Foxy Brown .
Bought a quarter pound just to blow it down .
Tattoos all ova' like Eva or sumthin' .
Long hair but it must be weave or sumthin' .
Gotta spot so I bought ha new furniture 
cuz she pretty in da face like Monica .
I really dig da gurl so I gave a ticket to Gucci World .






Im in da club niggas screamin' who da hill is dat .
Dat gurl wit' dat ass all on da back.
I got dat fire read thong wit' bra to match .
Imma real boss bitch and im hard to catch.
Mac Bre-Z pimpin aint E-Z nigga 
you can leave me cuz I don't really need ya nigga .
I got dat chevy and ya hear me fo'
ya see me nigga cuz my mama sho' da Mack how to treat a nigga.
And imma Top Notch Bitch dat talk shit but I take none .
Hair stay fixed
Jump fresh wit my nails done 
my braclet. My nigga sick so you already kno'
when I step up in da club
I be rockin' stilettos hoe .
Imma jazzy gurl straight classy gurl .
And ya never head a nigga say im nasty gurl .
And ya never meet a gurl dat will shine like me 
cuz im wit da Gucci Mane im SO ICEY.






Dem niggas jealous say you aint got time fo' dat .
All dat shake can a nigga get some fries wit dat
. Too much ass I aint gotta press a high to dat .
Hair blonde fo' a minute til'
she dyed it black. In da club wit ha gurls everybody pretty.
Said she used to dance at Magic City .
Go Gurl 
To da flo' gurl 
Shake it real slow like a pro gurl 
Hit da dro gurl cuz its yo world 
Dance one time den get some mo' gurl 
Gucci in the club two rubberband bites
smokin' bubbagush and da shit just stank .
Six gurls dancin' at da same time 
never seen a hood hoe so damn fine .
Turn around babygurl lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Zaytoven on the track
Zay-tiggy
Gucci
Gucci

So Watch Entertainment
Lets Go


They call me Chef-Boy-R.G.
But hold that thought
Its a Kodak Moment
But hold that thought
Hurricane wrist game
Turn that junk off
Hot as piggly wiggly
Cant kermit the frog dog


Early in the mornin
I aint even yawnin
Cookin up a cake
Like I'm doin a performance
When it come to flossin
I aint even talkin
Diamonds on my joint
Got my chevy moonwalkin
10 bricks on my Bart Simpson just look
My watch 35 pounds of kush
My ring 36 oz's my nig
My bracelet 500 lbs of mid
A Gucci wrapped tour bus
Yall hoes follow us
Party pack pills man
Hoes gonna swallow us
Naturally a loner
But love my kid
Mix the soda with the cola
I can buy me a friend
New swag somethin like
Trap House times 10
Ery nigga round me 
Bust heads YA-Dig
Iced out grill 
I can't buy that bullshit
I'm wit some street shit
Like a reverend in the pulpit


They call me Chef-Boy-R.G.
But hold that thought
Its a Kodak Moment
But hold that thought
Hurricane wrist game
Turn that junk off
Hot as piggly wiggly
Cant kermit the frog dog


Like ya boi Rip Ham
I got a real good jay 
1 gram for the 80
Thats some real good play
Got them Vince Carter quartas
Add soda and water
I'm not athletic
But Ima straight balla
The Spud Webb ticket
Wit the lamburg yay
And its jumpin from the free throw
Like MJ
Sees nothin pass by
Like Steve and Pass
Say boy you lightnin fast
On the Utah Jazz
Like Dr. J shorts
My work real tight
You got that Atlanta Hawks yay
It wont get right
Catch me on the rebound
Like Bo Outlaw
Ima Mikey Vick-it whip it
Cook it souf-paw
36 hoes-zos
Tryna make the end zone
Make no hard move
And use my cell phone
Worth scrabblin in the pot
Just like Steve Young
5 for the Keyshawn
7 for the Deion


They call me Chef-Boy-R.G.
But hold that thought
Its a Kodak Moment
But hold that thought
Hurricane wrist game
Turn that junk off
Hot as piggly wiggly
Cant kermit the frog dog


Gucci on fiya 
Like mojo crack pot
Fell ova a joint
Like back like crack rock
Money stupid dumb
Just like Cold Blood
Just Young Hot
I show no luv
Money getta like Cheeba
Minds like Fat
And my trap roll hard
Just like Shawty Black
Ima country ass nigga
Jus like Ace
Gotta fetish for the stones
Jus like Fo' Trey
Money tall like Broah?
Yours like D?
And my patience very short
Just like Courtney C
Angie B lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









she's a very freaky girl girl..
a very freaky girl girl..
Gucci I wanna very freak girl


Now she's a very freaky girl..
Don't bring her to mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..

Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer

She's a very freaky girl..
she get it from her mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..

Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..


Gucci let me set the record straight.
Hater you participate.
three girls wit me like I'm going on Elimi-date.
Say you got a man but you man ain't here.
The ice in my ear shine like a shandalere.
Jumpin' out the phantom.
Don't you think I'm handsome.
Watch on my wrist cost more than a mansion.
But you baby daddy ain't icy like the kid be.
Got you baby mama lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










 Is you rollin 
 Bitch I might be 
 Girl he geeked up 
 Bitch I might be 
Yeeaaaaahhh!


East Atlanta slum man is where I come from
Pass that bubble thrax and put this bean on your tongue
Now everything was gravy til your bitch came in
Bout the same time that that thang kicked in
Now she aint really pretty but she got a nice body
Im geeked up thinkin this Buffie The Body
Aint your name lil Trina cause you look like Janet Jackson
Im off three double stacks and I'm lookin for that action
Gucci Mane you stupid man I love the way you flowin
Ridin in my drop but I dont know where I'm goin 
On two eighty five I keep ridin in a circle
The inside of my ride smellin like a pound of purple
Gucci is your time give me five more minutes and a cold orange juice cause I'm really really trippin
Went to the strip club and request that I'm da man
The next thing you know I was throwin rubberbands




Shawty tellin me she aint neva suck no dick
Neva took a pill or neva ate a bitch
You a lie but I aint gonna get upset right now
But I wish I had a lie detector test right now
You say you marry well bitch you might be
But I bet your husband aint Icy like me
She stand on B.C. in my ashy black tee
When dem dope man nikes and dem jore ass jeans
I dont pay her but I still keep that thrax on me
Imma the shit in East Atlanta baby ask about me
Pop one pop two two halves thats three
Aint no waffle house baby hell I cant eat
Gucci hood like your hoodman hes so extreme
Wearin doces in the club cause you kno the boy geeked
Top the top on that thang let you see my seats
We've been rollin rollin rollin we aint slept in weeks




Gucci Mane ? nigga get your mind right
Or a crys by the twelve like a case of budlight
Sell a cush by a bell so you kno might shit tight
See I'm 30 in the morning on a all night flight
Im high like Fabo hood like Shawty
So tell me when to go like my name E-40
A rich rock star nigga I'm gonna party
Got a party pack of pillz thats at least bout 40
Ill pour dem in your hand like a bag of jelly beans
Take two of these pillz call me in the morning
Fifty thousand pillz man I'm so real
Three dollars for a pill thats a damn good deal

Ay wassup Gucci Mane. Why you sweatin so hard? Is you rollin or somethin.

Shit well baby I might be. But got damn what is you doin.
You jockin a playa. You ch-Chewy ova here right.
Look I aint K-Rab baby You know what I mean I'm not a piece of Bubblegum.
What I'm doin is not your business. But matta of fact while you ova here is you a waitress or somethin?
Cause the shit you got on make you look like you a waitress. So do what you do iight.
Imma give you this hundred dollars. Go get you what ever you drankin.
Bring me and click about ten of dem orange juices five crunk juices nd we'll be straight how bout that.
And is you straight is you single or is you marry.
Cause I might be Bitch I might be
Bitch I might be lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Babygirl Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head Go Head
Go Head


Shawtii gotta ass on ha 
Imma put my hands on ha 
Imma spend a couple grand on ha 
Imma pop a rubberband on ha 


Im tryna figure which chick imma see today .
Picked up a young gurl looked like Lisa Ray .
When I seen ha in da club said I gots to get ha 
cuz she look like she might be Trina sista .
Gotta gurl look just like Lauren Hill 
took ha to da crib cuz she kno' wut it is .
Imma bump ha but I cant stand ha daddy do' 
but she got mo' ass than Jackie O' .
Gotta brown skin gurl like Foxy Brown .
Bought a quarter pound just to blow it down .
Tattoos all ova' like Eva or sumthin' .
Long hair but it must be weave or sumthin' .
Gotta spot so I bought ha new furniture 
cuz she pretty in da face like Monica .
I really dig da gurl so I gave a ticket to Gucci World .






Im in da club niggas screamin' who da hill is dat .
Dat gurl wit' dat ass all on da back.
I got dat fire read thong wit' bra to match .
Imma real boss bitch and im hard to catch.
Mac Bre-Z pimpin aint E-Z nigga 
you can leave me cuz I don't really need ya nigga .
I got dat chevy and ya hear me fo'
ya see me nigga cuz my mama sho' da Mack how to treat a nigga.
And imma Top Notch Bitch dat talk shit but I take none .
Hair stay fixed
Jump fresh wit my nails done 
my braclet. My nigga sick so you already kno'
when I step up in da club
I be rockin' stilettos hoe .
Imma jazzy gurl straight classy gurl .
And ya never head a nigga say im nasty gurl .
And ya never meet a gurl dat will shine like me 
cuz im wit da Gucci Mane im SO ICEY.






Dem niggas jealous say you aint got time fo' dat .
All dat shake can a nigga get some fries wit dat
. Too much ass I aint gotta press a high to dat .
Hair blonde fo' a minute til'
she dyed it black. In da club wit ha gurls everybody pretty.
Said she used to dance at Magic City .
Go Gurl 
To da flo' gurl 
Shake it real slow like a pro gurl 
Hit da dro gurl cuz its yo world 
Dance one time den get some mo' gurl 
Gucci in the club two rubberband bites
smokin' bubbagush and da shit just stank .
Six gurls dancin' at da same time 
never seen a hood hoe so damn fine .
Turn around babygurl lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








24's on yo car yous a trap star 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star 
You got ice around ya neck yous a trap star 



Pimpin is the topic 
Money is the object 
Hataz gon' make me pull my gators out the closet 
Tailor made outfit 
Hollerin at a thick chick 
1 hour lata got her messin up her lipstick 
All the best in my clique 
How u hataz hate that? 
Ridin in a mayback 
Headed to the racetrack 
Sippin on konyak 
Big fat dro sack 
Seat layed back 
And actin like I'm all that 
Tell me what you call that? 
Tell me where yo broad at? 
Chillin wit a mack throwback wit a strawhat 
Hataz mean mug me 
Girls wanna hug me 
Everything's lovely 
Tippin on bubbley 
Pull up at the club valet park the car 
Fell of in the club then I bought the bar 
Girls choose me cause ima superstar 
They takin snap shots of my entourage 

24's on yo car yous a trap star 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star 
You got ice around ya neck yous a trap star 



I'm the grind man pine man 
Dro man jive man power man die man dope man coat man snow man slick man trick man trap man hit man big man 
Come and gucci man 
Peal man brick man po' man rich man dub man lick man weed man soft man pimp man boss man stunt man
Killa man fresh man next man better wear a vest man 
Yo boy dough boy 
Brought down to no boy 
Neva been a hoe boy 
Know to rock the show boy 
Dough boy glow boy lover boy pretty boy city boy country boy 
Neva been a monkey boy 
Jack boys crack boys dope boys trap boys 
See me in the clubshawty call me throwback boy 
Black boys black toys eatlin like the fat boys 
Gucci on tha track boy 
How u love dat boy? 

24's on yo car yous a trap star 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star 
You got ice around ya neck yous a trap star 



I'm ridin through the city in a escalade 
It's friday night the J's just got paid 
Left the barber shop wit a real tight fade 
Hit tha car wash let my rims get sprayed 
I'm fresher than fresh 
I'm sharper that sharp 
My rims still spinnin but my car is parked 
It's after dark we left the park 
I gotta blunt of dro rolled up this far 
Everybody know me I'm the a10c ask my boy ZT 
Too hot for radio or mtv tell BET to come and see Gucci 
Im a trap star ghetto celebrity pretty girls wanna get in bed with me 
And these pretty girls wanna give head to me but these pretty girls gotta bring bread to me. 

24's on yo car yous a trap star 
If you known to buy the bar yous a trap star 
You got a watch on ya wrist yous a trap star lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Yeah Gucci Gucci Gucci Gucci
Yeah Gucci Gucci Gucci Gucci (So Icy So Icy)
Seytoba baby


I drive real fast baby I don't drive slow
I don't drive slow I don't drive slow
Drop the top on that thang just to let ya hair blow
Let ya hair blow Let ya hair blow

I drive real fast baby I don't drive slow
I don't drive slow I don't drive slow
Drop the top on that thang just to let ya hair blow
Let ya hair blow Let ya hair blow


I drive a sports car bitch Put em Bapes to the gas
If you scared go to church cus I'm finna drive fast
Throwing cash out the brain of a '74 Oldsmo
There no mojo he need to get some mo do 
 Cornerstore Amaco bought a crist to flat show 
Niggas want that wola shawty meet right by Grocian Road 
East side up put them E's in the air
If you smoking Bubba Kush put them trees in the air
I'm smoking on that kush so it's stankin up my car
They call me  cus they know that I'm a star
I told her come here then I didn't say shit
Cus my ice talk for me I don't need no broke bitch




Verse 2 Gucci fish shoes and a purse too
Steala of yo chain turn yo watch to Starburst too
Put them Lemon Heads in yo ears
Put them Fruity Pebbles in yo fingers
Now you're envied by yo peers
And I'ma get yo ass in shape
All that Gucci Louie Chong got yo ass loosin weight
Gucci Mane got you straight huh?
You know he got that cake
Gave it to her first date
I'ma ride down the block like a damn X Pill
Standin tall on them sixes like some damn high heels
I'ma roll down the block like a damn X Pill
Standin tall on them sixes like some damn high heels




Yeah Rose red Mikey's wit Bapes
On some pharaoh shit bitches feedin niggas grapes
I'ma buy some hot wings but I could buy steak
But I'm good wit a trout bitch a model too fake
They toyin on the beat so you know they gone hate
Had that Tony Tiger Kush man that shit smoke great
Got that water bumpin talented I think I can do it
Drop me and yo body fill wit them other fluid
Trappa slash rappa but a full time G
Smokin purp wit my boys bout 2 or 3 P's
I'm a trappa slash rappa but a full time G
Smokin purp wit my boys lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Pull up in the old school with the hubcaps got my black teeones and my skull cap
Stick Em Up
Stick em up
Stick em Up
Stick em Up
Stick em up
Stick em up
Stick em up ye aint know
I aint come to play and I aint come to laugh all I gotta say is nigga put it in da bag
Stick em up
Stick em up
Stick em up
Stick em up
Stick em
Stick em up
Stick em up ye aint know


You know the procedure when u see a heater
Bullets rippin at ya got ya runnin like a cheetah
Rob in my black tee mob in my black V
Robbed the weed man cuz the nigga tried to tax me
Ye aint gotta ask metell me where the stacks be
Hittin big licks got me ballin like an athelete
Used to take starter coats moved up to bigger dope
Down for a kick do'  just to make my wrist glow
Steal from the rich but I hang with the po' folk
Ball till ya fall but dont ball til ya go broke
Gucci mane la chat we in and out the trap fast
Leaving out yo house 30 birds in my bookbag




Ok..Check that bitch that wake up early in the morning looking for a victim
The first nigga look like dolla's tryna holla I'm gone get em
I got no time for relationships I'm out to get that cheese
Even if I have to kill u bitch my son I got to feed
Im at the mall I'm poppin tags with shopping bags so style
I found a duck that I can pluck that nigga that asked me out
Whoa hold up my nigga u must dont know I gotta get ya
You told yo boy I got a big ass but boy my nine is bigga
Im waitin on him to pull up at the spot I see he clean
That boy sittin on them things a iced out chain and big ass rings
He said lets go to the movies I told him lets go to the room
This nigga think he really got a freak but mine is do the fool
We get to the room I let him rubi let him get a lil touch
I told him hold up stop let me go to the bathroom freshen up
I went out the bathroom window met with Gucci glock in purse
Kicked in the do' shot him in his head took his cheese and left him murked..Im that Bitch!




They say that I'ma cut throat gucci never cut coke
Yea I'ma jack boy known to run a drug sto'
Hang wit the thug boys nicknamed the goon squad
First you gotta sign up then ya get your goon card
Niggas scared to fuck wit me dont wanna serve me
Shop wit ya wednesday take from ya thursday
Splurge wit my comrads gucci mane I'm hood rich
Nigga kill for ya if u just buy him a outfit
Think like a mob boss move like warranty
Got a half a mill safe just to keep the bills paid
Burn em with a hot fork taser on his nutsacks
I aint come to play lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Gucci Mane Big Cat

Growing up was real hard on my block
Cops and robbers I was never the cop
To be the cop was considered a joke
I'm the same little' nigga that taught your brother to smoke

But now-a-days man I stay on the news
My every move is up on the tube
Whoever said being a gangsta was easy
I got beef with BMF and I got problems with Jeezy

To be a gangsta is a full time job
A bad a boy but I ain't Black Rob
The pays good but the hours are crazy
You disrespect me I'm gonna see ya degraded

I'm never scared but I'm thinkin ahead
because they don't bury the scared man they bury the dead

I'm ex-con but I'm out on bond
Wave bye to the bad guys Teflon Dons


Got my name in the paper and my face in the news
Gucci Mane Lil'flare
Everybody Everybody know me
Everybody know me nigga
Gucci mane Lil'flare I'm a real OG  

Take it to the street nigga lets go there
There ain't nothing 'tween us pussy nigga but air
But you better prepare 'fore you fuck with the flare
I'll have you role round frickin up with the chair

See I don't fight fair na I don't fight fair
Gucci Mane'll put that ass in intensive care
Matter of fact if ya see me fight a grizzly bear I suggest you help the fucking grizzly bear

Tha ain't no pussies ova here na it's just Jeez
There ain't no time for no talk nigga cock it and squeeze
Got these ho type ass niggas weak at the knees
Shoot two twenty-threes they'll chop down trees

Gucci Mane outta jail man what I'm gonna do now
That Jeezy Little bitch ass thinkin out loud 



You mother fuckers must don't know who they mess wit
I'm that outlaw wild wild west shit
I'm on that two clipse AK and a vest shit
You motherfuckers must don't know who you fucking with

I'm not a kid Gucci Mane full grown
So bring the choppers leave the nines at home
And call the coppers cause I'm aiming for domes
I have ya call full backup on the phone

The franchise but Gucci Mane ain't wearing no white tee
The niggas hate the fact that niggas so icy
but fuck that lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Black Magic Young Snead)




Yeah! It's ya boy Black Magic
My nigga Young Snead let's go


Ay man I walk like a soldier talk like a soldier
Since I moved to the South my slang got colder
Walk got pimper cane with the limper
Treat my bitch right always lobster and shrimp her
Flatbush Ave I'm the number one contender
Simpson Road fashion poppin wheelies on the Ninja
Whip game hot flow cold like the winter
Ball hard if niggaz got blocks like a center
Time for me to switch it up bigger car bigger truck
Got the new house and that too was big as fuck
And this a must that you see me blow
Lil' nigga hold the weight like my CEO
Now it's back to the business we eat sleep and shit this
Take this shoot him and any fuckin witness
Always on some pimp shit never on some simp shit
At Big Cat Records nigga e'ryday is Christmas


We eat we sleep we shit this
Big whips big chips we live this
Smoke kush pop Crist' fuck bitches
Us young niggaz out there handle our business
We eat we sleep we shit this
Big whips big chips we live this
Smoke kush pop Crist' fuck bitches
And send them goons if them goons on our shitlist


Guess what I heard? Gucci Mane back
Guess what I heard? Man he reppin Big Cat
Guess what I heard? Young Snead on some other shit
Tell them fuck niggaz they can miss us with that sucker shit


I'm addicted to the trap down with Big Cat
and you know he got a strap why you wanna try me?
And you know I gotta scrap you a country boy
so you know I gotta trap 
Cop the fruity watch just to hurt the haters' faces
Big Cat chain with the Big Cat bracelet
Big Cat bracelet with the Big Cat bracelet
Countin twenty mill' in the Big Cat basement
I heard I heard word on the street
Gucci fell down now he back on his feet
Anti-social he don't really socialize
What'cha call that? I call it street certified~!
A hundred thou' sold no lie
So call the fire truck cause Gucci on fire
And he pulled up in a 'rrari
And if he hurt your feelings when he did then he sorry!




I'm a certified pimp shawty never seen me cake a hoe
Bad bitch one night next day another hoe
A young'un with a bankroll listen what I date 'em fo'?
Benefits and everythang that I can go and break 'em fo'
We eat we sleep we shit this
Smoke kush pop Crist' real pimp shit
Big chains big whips on 6's
I got money on my mind so fuck bitches
I'm in the Coupe with the top back Lamborghini do's on it
Had to do it B-I-G so I throwed the 4's on it
Tote a fo'-fo' so the kid scream 'Fuck a hater!'
All black long part somethin like The Terminator
Call me the exterminator sprayin like the Orkin man
You don't want no part of that we deeper than a marching band
We trap we slang lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Alley cats hoes mane
Strictly entertainment 
For all my street bitches out there 
Real spit 


She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
Straight from the block baby keep her hair fixed
On the low dog she a alley ass bitch
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat 


Four bed rooms with four bad kids 
But the girl so pretty and her ass so big 
Dancin at the strip joint guess what I did 
Made it rain on her fo' head told her go head 
Break bread if you got it if you don't just watch me 
A red stop sign in the road couldn't stop me 
Alley ass girl bitch yo ass outrageous 
Goodness gracious get butt naked 
20 thousand ones baby just to have fun 
Got a half-a-mill saved in case I have to post bond 
You a alley ass hoe Why you talkin so loud 
Ol' Alley ass bitch with a gold grill smile 
Tattoo's shawty got alot of piercings 
And she rollin on a pill feelin like I'm feelin 
You a alley cat shawty I won't pay you no mind 
Put ya number in my phone cause yo ass so fine 


She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
Straight from the block baby keep her hair fixed
On the low dog she a alley ass bitch
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat 


Shawty thick like grits real talk real spit 
If you lookin for a alley bitch that's what you gon get 
Alley girls got money  Alley girls got plugs 
Alley girls smoke weed  Alley girls sell drugs 
Shawty at it like a mutherfucker just like me 
Credit card scammin hoe runnin from the police 
You a eastern alley hoe I was down in south beach 
Seen a big thick bitch with alot of gold teeth 
Had platinum 21 listen bentley car keys 
It's impossible to steal I ain't stuntin car thieves 
Shawty real real alley keep it real real street 
Suck dick eat pussy she a real real freak 
I'm a keep it dawg I won't bite my toungue 
East Atlanta zone 6 where them alley hoes from 
Like T-Pain mane all these alley hoes sprung 
Gucci Mane performin live all the alley come 


She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat she a hood rat
Straight from the block baby keep her hair fixed
On the low dog she a alley ass bitch
She a alley cat she a hood rat
She a alley cat lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Ya boy Gucci Mane speaking
Yeah I'm home just touchdown
I'ma dressing all these blow pops out there yeah

Uh blow pop that's uh straight up busta
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas

I'm looking at the world through my ice out gaze
Yuh couldn't walk uh mile in ma brand new J's
If yuh know wut I mean
I keep court side seats like I play fo' the team

I'm killin' maself
Hold ma dick wen I rap 'cause I'm feelin' maself
Real talk yuh's uh blow pop
Get outta jail na ya whole show stop

Yuh's uh blow pop homie
I'm independent ballin' major yuh get no pops homie
6 months plus uh bitch stop
And I ain't got time to be fucking with no blow pop

Uh blow pop that's uh straight up busta
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas

They hatin' on Gucci Mane that's uh blow pop move
Yuh gotta wear 20's just to fill ma shoes
See I ain't fuckin' with blow pops
Yuh let uh niqqa click and na yuh stuck with uh blow pop

Yuh thought yuh wuz uh
G yuh turned out to uh blow pop
Yuh bought uh
CD na yuh noe yuhs uh blow pop

So blow pops try to kill me
Somebody set me up so tell me how am I guilty?
But I don't need no one else
'cause anytime I get in beef
I just call maself 'cause yuhs uh blow pop

Uh blow pop that's uh straight up busta
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas
I call 'em blow pops 'cause them niggas suckas

Big cat records played wut will da blood clock
Gucci on da mike talkin' 'bout all these blow pops
Man they softer than backpack
150 grand fo ya chain can yuh match that?

Man yuh straight up bacon
And if I see yuh in the streets prolli spit in ya face
The rap game so sleazy
They try to knock me off but aye it ain't that easy

The blow pops I wanna blow up
Mad 'cause ma watch cost da same as uh Porsche truck
Got lock tryin' to hold hawk
But that's wut I get man fo' fuckin' with blow pops

Uh blow pop lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








It's the king of the trap nigga 
It's the king of the trap lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Gucci Mane in the buildng 
Laflare entertainment 
Zaytoven on the track 
That nigga Dest in the buildin 
Bad Boy in this motherfucker 
Big Cat in this motherfucker 
Is Laflare in this motherfucker? 
Yuh


I got your budget on my neck your deal on my wrist
Your whole entire life savings on my pinky nigga
Bling bling bling bling 
Bling bling bling bling 


See I'm smokin on some bubba kush come from California
Funky like yo' daddy feet is stankin like ammonia
Now I got his plug with this {?} in Arizona
When I touch Atlanta they gon' tell my telephoner
Trap niggaz rap niggaz wish they could clone us
Icy cause I dig blue blue big bails of marijuana
Trappin has advanced from just standin on the cornah
Violators haters will be turned to organ donors
Chillin in the V.I. sippin on Corona
I'ma get some head with this this bitch like this Patrona
Stop playing games girl cause I don't condone 'em
If you want some work don't come before like it's a zoner
Fifteen inches but my rims they some grown-ups
Sucker for a minute now a nigga has done blow up
Check my BDM's look at my spins daily goin up
Check check my spins daily goin up




Check I'm out the Folia foolin with that Scorpion
It's mess when that bad chick stride off the rodeo
Smokin on the fire got desire do the holy crescent
If you ain't poppin no bottles right now 
I'm the freshest from dirty Westside rollin close to {?}
From the alley habits might die from a overdose
On a mission my vision clouded by the paper
Crooked took it cut it shave it with the razor
Even miss my bread and butter I ain't gettin offended
Run it not in my budget I ain't got to share it
Who's your man? Like it love it not to want to play it
{?} on them thugs money on the table
Who who play in the club? You fuckin with the mayor
I'll be damned fresh in the mud put you on the payroll
What'chu want? Say what you want it's all about me
We get high and run in the hood you fall around me




Big Tank Big Cat
Let's get it in nigga
Uhh


I show you how to do this here keep a light bluish ear
Sixty on them frightening so you don't excite me
Haters don't like me and I don't like you either
You mad cause I'm stacked up and you underachiever
You see the plat' Amex you still fuck with Visas
Vietnam Cakalak niggaz throw the V's up
Nigga roll the trees up what the fuck you waitin on?
We talkin 'bout this money so go on make a hatin song
Gucci's on my feet but my jeans look like dollar signs
'cicles on my teeth so I'm talkin money all the time
G's I'ma follow mine you don't want no part of mine
Chopper in the back'll have you leapin like Impala signs
Big Tank Big Cat nigga what you know about it?
Sittin in the booth and they told me bring the flow up out it
Go getter fo' sho' about it lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Yeah that boy Gucci
Got my nigga block in this bitch
East Atlanta's finest 
E.C.T South!


Early in the morning Nigga Imma be up
Imma be up Imma be up;
Call Block or Gucci Mane when it's time to re-up 
It's time to re-up It's time to re-up;
7:30 in the morning Nigga we gon' be up 
We gon' be up we gon' be up;
Call Block or Gucci Mane when it's time to re-up
It's time to re-up it's time to re-up;


Boys what it do?
Nigga getcha g's up
Dope man bitch!
Call me Mr.Re-Up
The kitchen smells like fish the fish scale dog
1000 Grams at a time on the Digiscale ow!
.45 Mac
Rubber band stacks
Spent a ? a mill wit Papi watch how fast I get it back
The dope boys love me
Taught'em how to cook
You whip it real hard cold water let it drop
The dope man bitch!
Sold bricks sold rocks
100 thousand dollars fell like I shot a cop
The dope man bitch!
Sold grams sold white
Cook the work 10 minutes 
Fiends gave me 5 pipes
New York nigga's love how I work that turn pipe
Got Micheal Jackson yay 
Powder 10 but it cook white
I don't get nervous when I ride them highways 
Dope man bitch!
Everyday is my birthday!




I got the city on lock!
Have you ever seen a ? million dollars in a Nike shoe box?
I can show you how to trap!
100 grand worth of cap
And I pray that my phone ain't tapped!
Nigga buy for the smell of it
Bought a hard top 6 and I sat it on spree's for the hell of it
7 on the dot!
Got some cain and its jumping out the pot!
I'm in the game so I give it all I got
To a million dollar spot
I got a rainbow Range same color as lean
Wit the matching rims on it man that bitch so clean
Gotta skittle Drop Jag and a fruity Chevelle
If I drop the top back bubble kush you gon' smell
Every flip I cop another whip
Every trap I cop another chain
Every play I cop another tool
What these nigga's know bout Gucci Mane?
Notta damn thang!
I'm icy something like a polar bear
When your girl give me brain better hold her hair
100 Grand in the bag just to make you stare
Re-up wit the man
Gucci Mane Lil'Flap 




Go with our rental cars
Used to serve hard to Mountain Park;
Now I stand behind the burglar bars
Say Lil'Breeze best smoke ya gars;
I'm the hustler of the century 
When you think of money mention me
I said my buddy get it to the key
From Arkansas to Tennessee
Every Brick Pill. And every 
Some how it doesn't come from me
I'm on T.V gettin interviewed
Still got them thangs in the intertubes
8 grand for the good purp
A t-shirt under my t-shirt
Aye lock it up lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Big Cat Magic)




Aiyyo make sure you get the backwood off the puff my nigga
 
I ain't gon' lie [BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ]
That shit was some good weed nigga why you bullshittin?
 I need me some more of that
 Magic! 
  


'Bout to go holla at the big boy man
Just came home fresh seems proper feel me? {Yup}
Stay right here I gotta holla at him y'know?
Just some one-on-one shit chill out
{Ah al-alright alright alright yeah yeah yo}


Big boy what's good?
(Yo Magic whassup dawg? I ain't seen you in a minute)
Ain't shit man y'know
Been out here in the street 
You see I ain't dead y'knahmean or in Hell y'know?

(What's been goin on man I've been gone for minute what's poppin?)
You know we've been hittin the streets hard man
Y'know I I been hearin a lot of bullshit
But y'know I laugh at bullshit y'know


(We ain't gon worry 'bout that shit right now y'knahmsayin?)

Cheah hold up hold up hold up I got'chu man
Now that you see what we worth [drops bag on table unzips it]
 Courtesy of Coochie Man and Atlantic Records
(Ohh man OOH shit~! Ain't seen this many hundreds in a...)
 (Boy that's what I'm talkin about baby)
That's right 
Yeah man y'know that's for you man 
That's better than a visit man 
(Good lookin dawg good lookin)
Know you was wonderin why I ain't come see you man
But you know I couldn't come see you caged up

 Yes sir yes sir



(It's too many bodies poppin up too many niggaz talkin)

(We gon' fly under the radar right now and fuck with this music shit)
(Y'knahmsayin? That's where the real money at y'knahmsayin)
I feel you my nigga I I heard it was money there y'know?
I seen niggaz gettin money in there y'knahmsayin?
I need some of that 
(Just don't forget motherfuckin Coochie Mane)

(He dissin the motherfuckin family or tryin to.. do what he doin?)
(We ain't worryin about him lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









she's a very freaky girl girl..
a very freaky girl girl..
Gucci I wanna very freak girl


Now she's a very freaky girl..
Don't bring her to mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..

Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer

She's a very freaky girl..
she get it from her mama..
first you get her name..
then you get her number..

Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..
Then you get sum get sum in the front seat of the hummer..


Gucci let me set the record straight.
Hater you participate.
three girls wit me like I'm going on Elimi-date.
Say you got a man but you man ain't here.
The ice in my ear shine like a shandalere.
Jumpin' out the phantom.
Don't you think I'm handsome.
Watch on my wrist cost more than a mansion.
But you baby daddy ain't icy like the kid be.
Got you baby mama lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Khia Young Snead)





Geah! Gucci Mane in the house
Gucci Mane Laflare

Big Cat in the building so watch yo' mouth
So watch yo' mouth - tell me what they do?
 Shawty what you doin?
Shawty what? Throw it up

Tell me what they do? 


What they do? What they do?
They get drunk and they get loose
Mix that Goose with Absolute
Then they turn to prostitutes



Thug Misses and I'm lookin for a Thug Mister
Big spender break bread like a real mister
Drop low to your knees boy whistle on it
Then put that wood on me cut me like you paid for it
It's on you let me know if you really want it
You on Goose so I know you gon' get loose
Pop a pill do what you been wantin to do
Then make it rain like a motherfuckin hurricane
I hate lames if you want it you gotta suck on it
Get it right if you want it you gotta bid on it
Real thick and my sugar got gold on it
Spend on it make a chick put her friend on it
Good neck good back ohh yeah I want it!!
Slide on it make a chick wanna ride on it
Hair on it mean the nigga ain't scared of it
Thug Misses Gucci Mane and you still want it




Tell me what they do?
For about a hundred dollars she'll let you come through
Two hundred dollars take her clothes off too
Three hundred she'll be all on you
For the fo' give a blowjob 'til she turn blue
Five hundred dollars she'll eat a girl too
Drop the whole stack she'll do the whole crew
Hoes get loose when they drink Grey Goose
Seee the Coupe on rims with the big sunroof
You can bring your friend and your homegirl too
Damn what you heard baby girl it ain't true
I don't like her girl I really like you
Cause she already told me what she wan' do
Love it when you fresh and you wear perfume
Everybody stare when I walk in the room
Chain frostbit like a New Year's Eve
But the watch on fire like the first day of June


Let me show you what a real boss chick do
Make you feel real special when I'm on you
Slide low lay back and enjoy the ride
Super wet stay gushin on the inside
Water flowin like a stream call me Aquafina
A real bad mamma jammer love it when you beat it
Stay fresh stay tight pumpin all night
I got that comeback strokin on it just right
Guys we can play hard if you want to
Act like you don't want it when you know you do
It's real simple use your lips then use your chin
Tip that pole back baby sip on all the milk
Fruity Pebbles lips tastin like Fruit Loops
Lovin what you do when you gone on the Goose
You love it what I'm doin when I'm gone on the Goose
You gettin crunk and loose lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Yeah Money Makin' Records man
T know Laflare Entertainment
True what's happening?
Yeah I call'em true cause they know they the truth dawg
That boy Gucci
Yeah we make them hoes say


Yo trap don't boom like mine
Yo paper ain't longer than mine than mine
Aw man 
Yo bitch ain't finna than mine than mine
Yo rims ain't talla than mine than mine
Aw man 


You never seen a thug like this aw man
I'm choppin down them bricks tryin to wipe Jackie Chan
My money come fast my work come in grams
My soldiers keep straps like they work for Uncle Sam
My chain like ugh my wrist like damn!
I show up at the jewler with a hundred thousand cash
Drop top Porsche inside DAMN
Outside red lookin like a Coke can
I keep a pretty brown round and young yellow
I gotta butta pecan Rican and a French vanilla
My trap boom hard my bitch real fine
Poppi on the way we call it crunch time




I'ma lean with it serve a fiend with it
On the block since the age of thirteen with it
In the kitchen water whippin a thousand eight grams
I'm standin over the stove and I'm doin it with one hand
Aw man fruit man Toucan sam two hundred and seven gram
Got yam a long Lamb' I'm sellin that grown man
Aw man I'm on that Kush tonight
And I ain't stoppin chopper hit'chu and your body start rockin
My chain got pneumonia watch got the bird flu
Came to the club smellin like a pound of purple
Big Cat ruckus nigga it's a movement
This aint hip-hop this is drug dealer music




I trap hard nigga stunt hard nigga
E'ry bitch in the club jock a young nigga
Fo'-five Big Cat representa nigga
Them twenty-eights sittin high I'm a giant nigga
Blowin kush muh'fucker lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Big Cat Magic)




You know I fucks wit'chu right? (No doubt no doubt)
You gotta show you down for the cause 
Turn down the music let me holla at this nigga



Wha 'gwan Magic? 

Talk to me then now


Twenty-five percent? Go suck ya mudda!
(Well since it's like that you gon' be the example)
(Dada burn this nigga)
Whatta now you amma.. 
 [laughter lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Black Magic Maceo Young Snead)




Big Cat Laflare 
Gucci Mane Laflare 
We will be be respected 


See we can get it poppin 
See we can get it poppin 
Cause I went choppa shoppin 
Cause I went choppa shoppin 


You niggaz not a army cause you ain't hard enough
You nothin like a boss cause y'all ain't smart enough
See we can get it poppin  cause I went choppa shoppin 
I keep one in the chamber  so I ain't gotta cock it 
You gets no respect  I mean none at all 
I'm in the junk yard  runnin body parts 
Roll another blunt  Magic another blunt 
It might look gravy  but this ain't what'cha want
My money on the rise  yo' money standin still 
On fire with the tools  better with the steel 
Fuck with my nigga Cat  nigga watch your mouth 
Cause any disrespect  I'll be at'ch house 




Done take your bitch  - fuck her too
I thought we was cool but youse a sucker too
See we can shoot it out  or we can duke it out 
But all that Hollywood shit I can do without 
I roll with drug dealers  body snatchers 
Cap peelers  and kidnappers 
Murderers  and burglarers 
Mercinaries  you ain't never scary 
I be locked down in jail eatin commisary
Have yo' body cold like the month of February
Gucci Mane bitch Big Cat ruckus
You ain't gotta like us but you must respect us



Uhh...


Ay it's a movement it 'bout to be some changes
We will be respected what the fuck y'all niggaz thankin? 
We squaded up camouflaged down ragged up
We can get it poppin got ther choppers in the stash box 
With Magic on the scene  niggaz gettin shook 
We knock 'em down first round and we ain't usin' hooks 
I'm from the streets so you know I think the same way
And plus my gun don't shoot water down dawg naan day


You need bricks nigga? Me and Gucci got it 
One call and Young Snead'll have them toolies poppin
You could be from the North  or from the South 
I don't discriminate I'm shootin if your run your mouth
We ridin speed boats  and they full of coke 
The word is out - we supply the whole East coast
Lemonhead chains  lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










It's the bad guys
Say hello to the bad guys!
Big Cat Records Gucci Black Magic


We the bad guys and we play for the bad team
We hauntin ya life like you just had a bad dream
The bad guys...
Just don't get on our bad side


I fucks with the AR I fucks with the AK
You fuckin with Gucci you gon' have a bad day
They say I'm a mad guy they call me the bad guy
I tell ya like this just don't get on my bad side
I come with that skreet shit in love with this beef shit
My diamonds ocean blue so they might get ya seasick
I fuck with the Glock 40 {?} shotty
Plus when I aim then I aim for the upper body
Ain't with that hoe shit I'm smokin that 'dro shit
You come with some mo' shit you gon' get your throat slit
Yeah this is that G shit we call it a classic
I have my nigga Magic put that ass in a casket
And that there is real talk you best have a fast walk
Or else yo' bitch ass might get lined in the white chalk
Fuck what you thank nigga fuck what you thought nigga
Wired for jaw so yo' ass can't talk nigga




Is you a man nigga? Is you a mouse nigga?
Have yo' bitch ass scared to come out the house nigga
Gucci fear no man so who is this Snowman?
The word on the low is he really a hoe man
Bitch stick to that trap shit and stick to that rap shit
You say you a gangster but you never clapped shit
If you wanna find me take I-20 Flat Shoals
Let's see if you can take this broomstick up your asshole
Always gon' stand ground never gon' back down
I'm puttin my mack down I'm layin the smack down
See Gucci's a skreet nigga I stay on that skreet shit
And I'm the wrong nigga that ya clique wanna beef with
I keep the 9 close like the bitch that you sleep with
And I'll bust a head but can you keep a secret?
I'm smokin that kushie you niggaz is pussy
I never been a killer but you pussies done pushed me




Now this the bad guy song they put the bad guys on it
So listen when you hear the two bad guys talkin
I shoot straight move weight always in a new state
Always givin fake names cars got paper plates
The bad guy say hello to my little friend 
My lil' friend got a hundred other lil' friends
Now we the bad team it's more than a bad dream
Gucci and Black Magic now that's a bad scene
Carbon 15's comin out AK's comin out
I'ma run the North Gucci run the South
Independent but we ballin like majors
Them fruity ones got 'em all flavors
I'm fuckin with real niggaz and players killers and cutthroats
And when I get a order homey somebody gettin smoked
I'm no joke catch the kid cookin up coke
I got a blunt full of bubba kush lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Big Tank Mac Bre-Z)





Geah! Gucci Mane is in the buildin
So Icy Entertainment Zaytoven on the track
When we come to the club
We got the choppers on deck and the yoppers on deck


 Is you rollin? 
 Bitch I might be 
 Girl he geeked up 
 Bitch I might be 
 Yaaaaahhh!


Game choppin like my rims I'm choppin it up
'Til my 'caine gold like a pimp I'm fresh as a bud
Plus I'm blowin on the sticky green so I'm dro'ed up
And I'm rollin on the bean so the city SLOWED UP~!
My team showed up so you know we need a party pack
Callin Momma Stash say she wanna be a part of that
Tell her I'm for real and I keep a knot folded back
The next thang you know she tossin pills like a quarterback
Guc' I'ma throw it back stacks I just showed you that
Deuces on the 88 they say I brought the roller back
Fifty for a dollar hell yeah I can roll with that
Take it to the hood and let Yatta get ahold of that
Got to be the coldest cat ice froze the thermostats
Shawty had a Cali tat and Gucci called the Alley Cat
Shot a couple triple stacks and po'd up the iced tea
Slide on my stunna shades; geeked up? I might be




Said I'm higher than a kite and me geeked up on these pills
Suave Stacks got me actin out I know that she can tell
that I'm rollin  like the wheels on a bus
I need a cold Tropicana cause my heart about to bust
Look I'm sweatin like a dog and she askin for some mo'
Gave her couple of blue dolphins and I tell her to go raw
Bright lights lookin psychadelic I'm off in the zone
Feelin strong like Superman bitch I bust your dome
Said I'm smokin all the purple and drinkin all the 'gnac up
And I ain't feelin none of that until the next mornin bruh
My stomach fucked up a couple holes in my brain
But I party like a rockstar these bitches askin mane!




Gucci Mane Laflare nigga get'cha mind right
Order Crist' by the 12 like a case of Bud Light
Sell kush by the bell so you know my shit tight
7:30 in the mornin on an all night flight
I'm high like Fabo hood like Shawty
So  like my name E-40
A rich rock star nigga I'm gon' party
Got a party pack of pills that's at least 'bout 40
I'll pour 'em in yo' hand like a bag of jelly beans
Take two of these pills call me in the morning
Fifty thousand pills man I'm so real
Three dollars for a pill that's a damn good deal




Ay whassup Gucci Mane!
Why you sweatin so hard?
Is you rollin or somethin?


Shit well baby I might be
But got damn what is you doin?
You jockin a playa you chew-chewy over here right
Look I aint K-Rab baby knahmean I'm not a piece of bubblegum
What I'm doin is not your business
But matter of fact while you over here is you a waitress or somethin?
Cause the shit you got on make you look like you a waitress
So do what you do aight I'ma give you this hundred dollars
Go get you whatever you drankin
Bring me and my clique about ten of them orange juices
five Crunk juices and we'll be straight how 'bout that
And is you straight is you single or is you married?
Cause I might be bitch I might be
Bitch I might be lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








When I see my plug this how I talk to em
And when I serve my folks this how I talk to em
When I'm with my dawgs this how I talk to em
It's gucci mane la flar I'm finna talk to em

My guala my partna mota manana? gracias denada brought me years of dollars
Que pasa amigo? coca mudo necho cohina mucho es grande on the repo
Ese el pablo my barrio your barrio I'm ese my friende you speak real good engles
600 wednesday 5000 tuesday el nombre es gucci no punta no pussy
Ronas and kushi kilos and elbows chito seritas they come from mexico
There he go 20 tacos got me 50 burritos s 550 mercedes on flat shoals que pasa manana
My guala guala my partna partna love to treat a nigga to a stingin lobsta now a nigga owe him a million dollars
Got me making 10 g's an hour moneys power time is money you don't know the nigga then serve the dummy
Serve the junkies then ride ashantis



What's the bombaglats my trap-spot dreadlocks and rastas rude boys and rude girls
Jamaican mobsters I shot the sheriff smoking bob marley all of this ecstacy is killing me softly
Turgo and curry mid grade so pretty this spots my x spot can't dodge the red dot smoking the lala
Can't get no higher where is me iya? she sends me fire where is me lighter look at me ice-uh
Step up your neckpiece I like your wife-uh I pack a rifle I love me life-uh
Put up your hands before I put up my rifle.



What's up nigga wut it do I'm good my nigga how are you half a chicken whole chicken quarter chicken
What it move? Bentley coupe on bentley shoes hell na them ain't 22's still keep coke in inner tubes
Plotting on my next buissness move 26 inch tennis shoes old school paint it maserati blue
Brought my gun but forgot my roof pulling up with your baby boo ooh ooh it's you know who
It's nascar baby what you gonna do looking for something thick I can screw paint change
And my diamonds too trap nigga watch reminding you my grill and ring be blinding you
If you a stubborn artist I'm signing you I'm still the same nigga that be shining too
Trap nigga watch reminding you my grill and ring be blinding you
If you a stubborn artist I'm signing you lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Eight for them O's and a dollar for them balls
Eight throwin stove and some water in a pot
Wait until it's cold then watch it harden on the spot
Straight out the do' and put that product on the block nigga


I'm fin' to bounce back up out this 20 flat
We got cook up we got powder nigga you want that?
I got a fish scale I burn that white back
Don't need a glass man I bring that blast back
Niggaz cain't wait 'til I hit the hood and cook it
If you wanna learn fuck nigga start lookin
I knock 'em out solid shot in a circle
Sell a quarter brick then I cop a ounce of purple
Then the O's for..




We got eight for the O's and a dollar for them balls
Soon as I finish my ball might hit the mall
Got stacks on deck and they ten feet tall
 Man y'all money too small
Pyrex check baking soda check
Then you put that fish scale in that water next
Twelve by twelves nigga hit your front steps
Serve e'ry fuckin fiend 'til there's nothin left




I charge eight for the O's seventeen for a thirty-six
Nine for a half fifty-five for a quarter brick
Traphouse crackhouse lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics











Whassup my dude? Shit (Oh whassup man what's goin on?)
Ain't shit man chillin man 
Everything lovely man what's goin on?
(Nuttin too much sittin here runnin over these numbers man)
Word how things lookin?
Boy it's lookin real sweet 
We sold like half a million records on Gucci man
(Word? Okay okay) Lookin real good

Ay look the digital we already at about 750000
 Ringtones we're about 250000
 Let me back up
We sold this nigga to Atlantic for $800000
(Shit $800000 nigga just to sign the nigga)
We sold the nigga! For $800000



Well that's another $250000






Man don't even worry about that
(Nigga called me a snitch dog what kind of shit is that?)
What? 
Man you already know man


Man look look at these numbers
See these numbers? That man we cakin off
You gotta look at what we doin 
Knahmsayin? 


Don't even worry about that my dog
Go out there matter fact go buy you a new whip
(Nah I got a better idea)

 On Gucci on Gucci Mane? 'Preciate it
Yeah dog don't even worry about that
AND.. Taree talkin 'bout he tryin to give us
$700000 for some old shit 



Independent we don't get mad we get money
 Aight? 
(But hey any of them niggaz try to come)

Hmm (Just tell 'em chill y'knsahmsayin?) Cool
(Y'know lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Lil' Kim Ludacris)



She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
She's a very freaky gurl
She get it from her momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer


Gucci cant ding a ling bet I make your back hurt
bet I make your cat squirt Bet I make your neck jerk
Call lil kim told her better wear a tight skirt
bet i know your tight work bet I make ya cum first
Gucci mane yeah bet we make a sex tape
flood it on the internet put it on my myspace
Gucci got a big stick make ya sing my ad libs yeah
but you gotta be a queen bitch Gucci
So icy trap star fuck her like a porn star
first my H2 then i fucked her in her own car
face down ass up imma make her love me
probably dont love me but let her suck and fuck me
gucci wanna sex ya tell me is ya itched it
probably coulda hit it dawg I aint even hit it yet
fuck the 20 minutes dawg i aint even nutted yet
now she braggin on me dawg i aint even stuntin it


She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer


I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl 

Ohh...
You want a freaky gurl?
Welcome to Kim's World
You ain't gon' wanna leave
Just like a kid at DisneyWorld
My deep throat'll have you squirtin' like a watergun
Coochie overflowin' like somebody let the faucet run
Bust one nut I ain't done
I got more cum'
Friends? Tell' em all to come
We gon' have some mo' fun
Yeaaaah...
Chew on me like some bubblegum
I'll lick you like a lollipop
Once you taste my honeybun
It's our lil' secret
Just like my underwear
You know pain is pleasure
Can you make me shed a tear?
Smack my ass grab my neck
Got 'em cummin' everywhere
I'mma freak so I don't care
Just don't get none in my hair
Now he callin' me wifey
And he wanna introduce me
Takin' me on shoppin' sprees
He wanna buy me Gucci
Zoomin' like a blue sea
On the back of his Suzuki
And I ain't even sex 'em
All I did was let him eat my Coochie hahaha ok its gucci
yea lil kim


She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer


I got sum brain n the front seat of the hummer
and if u can make it rain then ludacris can make it thunder
I ain't messin with these lames but it seem I make them wonder
How I came and took the game 4 the past 7 summers
Now yo woman wanna get it from the front from the back
and if she with it I'm a hit it from the side
Give her what she want in the lac cause she a freak gurl and I can see it in her eyes
She can go tit for tat it's so good that I made her wanna cry
A little bit of this little that 4 2 piece biscuit and sum fries
Straight from churches ya boyfriends worthless
Cause luda go deep while he barely scratch the surface
She itching for a scratch like she dj jc
if u looking fo ya match Bitch come and find me
I be in the A town I ain't that hard to find
Put ya legs up in the air and see the DTP sign
If ya wanna meet my mama that's a thing I won't do
U say muthafuck me nah muthafuck you kno why


She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer


I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Them niggaz is gangsters them niggaz is Shady
Them niggaz got screws loose them niggaz is crazy
Walk around with they boots loose tuckin 380's
Standin in the trap screamin fuck you pay me


Nigga I'm one-seven-five wet movin like Deebo
Boxcutter like a nigga work at Home Depot
Rep for my people a big Desert Eagle
Shootin at your bucket like a Marbury free throw
Bitches get nothin zilch I mean zero
Tommy gun sprayed at them niggaz playin hero
Niggaz in the hood don't peep through no peephole
Cameras and motion scanners try to creep hoe
Most of us iced out some don't even rock jewels
They in the club for a purpose and that's to bang the tool
Street smart I'm far from that college dude
Love gettin good brains bitches give me knowledge fool
It don't take much a little weed and the dutch
Couple sips of that Remy now she wanna fuck
Hoes see a nigga chain swingin wanna touch
Rocks used to be cubed up now my shit is crushed




My pack came in I want seventeen-five for 'em
Bricks go down when you get more than five on 'em
Packin down to eight I was holdin that 'tel down
2006 and now we're breakin them bells down
Gucci you the shit least that what they told me
Catch me in the 6 a nigga right where the show be
I fronted you a nine so five what you owe me
If you don't pay me then it's back to the old me
Cocallina same color the snow be
Haters get found in the Okefenokee
You trap that's cool I trap to school
I'm trappin boo but I'm rappin too
Not a role model hit that purp'
I'm not a role model little shorty hittin up turf
I'm not a role model lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Lil' Kim Ludacris)



She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
She's a very freaky gurl
She get it from her momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer


Gucci cant ding a ling bet I make your back hurt
bet I make your cat squirt Bet I make your neck jerk
Call lil kim told her better wear a tight skirt
bet i know your tight work bet I make ya cum first
Gucci mane yeah bet we make a sex tape
flood it on the internet put it on my myspace
Gucci got a big stick make ya sing my ad libs yeah
but you gotta be a queen bitch Gucci
So icy trap star fuck her like a porn star
first my H2 then i fucked her in her own car
face down ass up imma make her love me
probably dont love me but let her suck and fuck me
gucci wanna sex ya tell me is ya itched it
probably coulda hit it dawg I aint even hit it yet
fuck the 20 minutes dawg i aint even nutted yet
now she braggin on me dawg i aint even stuntin it


She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer


I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl 

Ohh...
You want a freaky gurl?
Welcome to Kim's World
You ain't gon' wanna leave
Just like a kid at DisneyWorld
My deep throat'll have you squirtin' like a watergun
Coochie overflowin' like somebody let the faucet run
Bust one nut I ain't done
I got more cum'
Friends? Tell' em all to come
We gon' have some mo' fun
Yeaaaah...
Chew on me like some bubblegum
I'll lick you like a lollipop
Once you taste my honeybun
It's our lil' secret
Just like my underwear
You know pain is pleasure
Can you make me shed a tear?
Smack my ass grab my neck
Got 'em cummin' everywhere
I'mma freak so I don't care
Just don't get none in my hair
Now he callin' me wifey
And he wanna introduce me
Takin' me on shoppin' sprees
He wanna buy me Gucci
Zoomin' like a blue sea
On the back of his Suzuki
And I ain't even sex 'em
All I did was let him eat my Coochie hahaha ok its gucci
yea lil kim


She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to momma
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer


I got sum brain n the front seat of the hummer
and if u can make it rain then ludacris can make it thunder
I ain't messin with these lames but it seem I make them wonder
How I came and took the game 4 the past 7 summers
Now yo woman wanna get it from the front from the back
and if she with it I'm a hit it from the side
Give her what she want in the lac cause she a freak gurl and I can see it in her eyes
She can go tit for tat it's so good that I made her wanna cry
A little bit of this little that 4 2 piece biscuit and sum fries
Straight from churches ya boyfriends worthless
Cause luda go deep while he barely scratch the surface
She itching for a scratch like she dj jc
if u looking fo ya match Bitch come and find me
I be in the A town I ain't that hard to find
Put ya legs up in the air and see the DTP sign
If ya wanna meet my mama that's a thing I won't do
U say muthafuck me nah muthafuck you kno why


She's a very freaky gurl
Don't bring her to mama
First you get her name
Then you get her number
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer


I'm a very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl gurl
Very freaky gurl
Very freaky gurl lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I'm charging 16 fever 16 fever nigga my price cheaper 16 fever


16 fever coke-I-ina X pills bubble kush mid grade reefa
Hoes ridin vics dog but I ride beemurs
I swear da red chain'll cost 16 fever


16 5-0 there go 5-0
I'm up 2-5 but I need 4 more
I got uncles blowin bundles mine do numbers while I drive lambo
Off white yayo digital scale fish scale sending my pigeons by mail
Bring in my drain folk ? just bring me that cane folk
Gucci got good dope pillz purp and sizzurp my workers don't move nothing less than a bizzurd
Gucci got good dope pillz purp and sizzurp my workers don't move for nothing less than a bizzurd




Bricks can't keep em 16 fever bemmur speakers geek-a-meters
Misdemeanors several subpeonas see I'm gone drink up cause we just linked up
The squad been teamed up we cutting off fingers it's 16 fever and that's since april
My corvette paid for my old school paid for the hummer roll up that means you assed out
And you didn't cash out see this my traphouse I slam fiends backs out we push white sacks out
See this my traphouse I slam fiends backs out we push white sacks out them backs get pushed out




I'm scraping the bowl up I'm whipping up cake mix
But this ain't red velvet don't eat it ya smoke it
Your options are open you even can snort it
3 dollar sacks so you know you can score it say you can't afford it
Yo I can ignore it well don't call them dope boys you know you feel boring
You know that you feenin you know that you need it it's gucci I'm greedy lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Gucci Mane Gucci Mane geah
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane uhh
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane 
So Icy E-N-T 
It's the kid 
It's the kid again 


Shawty asked me what time it is?
I said it's fifteen minutes past the diamonds bitch
In Laflare in the cockpit Gucci the prophet
Bel Air shoppin West coast hoppin

Gucci! Niggaz get popped still not get Cochran
Now ask Josh Avanta{?} or Egalin{?}
Lawyers doctors and policemen
Jewelers Buellers and co-pilots
My hood life {?} burn the verse like lightning
My flow so frightening it not nothin nice man
See I shoot bul-lets and you shoot dice man
It's my life man so I'ma stay {?}
See I'm no red man and I'm no white man
I don't pay a car check my Aston Martin
My chain be shinin my grill be sparklin
It's Gucci darlin now whassup shawty?



Shawty so sexy but she be flexin
Oh he ride Lexus ooh I fly frequent
Oh he pop bottles then I'm not drinkin
Oh that smell stinkin is what I'm just thinkin
This whole outside why didn't you make it?
Oh boy you left it so bitch I bet ya
In and out the Range with a four dollar outfit
Talkin 'bout your man tell him why you a trick bitch
On to the next one shawty the best one
From Houston Texas damn she vibrant
Crushin blushin I got her smilin
The sunburnt eyelids but I'm not whylin
I'm admirin she perspirin
The way she dancin has got me risin
Let's go kick it let's go shoppin
Tear the mall up girl I'm not poppin



It's Gucci baby it's 
The Maybach mango the inside gravy
My wrist game crazy connect beez hazy
My 180 the track Fugazi
The black still shady I know they hate me
The white won't date me but you won't let up
But you know better cause you gon' save her
I know you paid her did her favors
But that's not player and that's not gangster
My fingers got a pimp {?} cause I'm no banker
See I'm her thinker lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Pimp C Rich Boy Blaze-1)



Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
24's on the Chevy look like I'm 'bout to fly

Take flight on a hoe ride a kite on a bitch
Lear jet coochie when I ride on six's
And I sit high like I ride on switches
Rent it out the ass dudes barkin' hoes keep lookin'

Shackles wanna jet but they don't keep black
Candy coated Lac with the back pushed back
Shorty smoke thrax what chu know 'bout that?
Let the top back the hood catch cut tax

It's a known fact Gucci smoke on purp
Old school verdict with the ace on the skirts
It's a tough dash paint look like glass
Like can't do skatin' and the don't start hatin'

28 D.U.B.s on roll tank these haters want dates
I tell 'em get chu straight

Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
24's on the chevy look like I'm bout to fly

Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
Bitches love me dey niggas hate me I know why
24's on the chevy look like I'm bout to fly

That nigga she just love me
Watch me ride by wanna fuck me
She me in the club wanna suck me
Guess that why yo man lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Is you rollin? 
Bitch I might be 

Girl he geeked up
Girl he geeked up
Bitch I might be 


East Atlanta slum man is where I come from
Pass that bubble thrax and put this bean on your tongue
Now everything was gravy til your bitch came in
Bout the same time that that thang kicked in
Now she ain't really pretty but she got a nice body
I'm geeked up thinkin this Buffie The Body
Ain't your name lil Trina cause you look like Janet Jackson
I'm off three double stacks and I'm lookin for that action
Gucci Mane you stupid man I love the way you flowin
Ridin in my drop but I don't know where I'm goin
On two eighty five I keep ridin in a circle
The inside of my ride smellin like a pound of purple
Gucci is your time give me five more minutes and a cold orange juice cause I'm really really trippin
Went to the strip club and request that I'm da man
The next thing you know I was throwin rubberbands




Shawty tellin me she ain't neva suck no dick
Neva took a pill or neva ate a bitch
You a lie but I ain't gonna get upset right now
But I wish I had a lie detector test right now
You say you marry well bitch you might be
But I bet your husband ain't Icy like me
She stand on B.C. in my ashy black tee
When dem dope man nikes and dem jore ass jeans-Jordache Jeans
I don't pay her but I still keep that thrax on me
I'm a the shit in East Atlanta baby ask about me
Pop one pop two two halves that's three
Ain't no waffle house baby hell I can't eat
Gucci hood like your hoodman hes so extreme
Wearin doces in the club cause you kno the boy geeked
Top the top on that thang let you see my seats
We've been rollin rollin rollin we ain't slept in weeks




Gucci Mane the flyy nigga get your mind right
Or a crys by the twelve like a case of budlight
Sell a cush by a bell so you kno might shit tight
See I'm 30 in the morning on a all night flight
I'm high like Fabo hood like Shawty
So tell me when to go like my name E-40
A rich rock star nigga I'm gonna party
Got a party pack of pillz that's at least bout 40
I'll pour dem in your hand like a bag of jelly beans
Take two of these pillz call me in the morning
Fifty thousand pillz man I'm so real
Three dollars for a pill that's a damn good deal



Ay wassup Gucci Mane. Why you sweatin so hard? Is you rollin or somethin.
Shit well baby I might be. But got damn what is you doin. You jockin a playa.
You ch-Chewy ova here right. Look I ain't
 K-Rab baby You know what I mean I'm not a piece of Bubblegum.
What I'm doin is not your business. But matta of fact while you ova here is you a waitress or somethin?
Cause the shit you got on make you look like you a waitress.
So do what you do iight. I'm a give you this hundred dollars.
Go get you what ever you drankin.
Bring me and click about ten of dem orange juices five crunk juices nd we'll be straight how bout that.
And is you straight is you single or is you marry.
Cause I might be Bitch I might be Bitch I might be lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









It's Gucci Gucci
So icy entertainment
Atlantic records man


Let's get money man it's our year
Pay me fifteen GS yo track I'll sneeze on it
Ah choo I'm rich say gazuntie bitch


Please excuse me miss pardon my French
My necklace look like criss yo diamonds look like piss
I spent a quarter million dollars just to look like this
In the kitchen cookin' chickens tryna pay my rent
Got a cock eyed bent and a bow legged Benz
Pigeon toed Aston Martin wit the off set rims

I'm not like them
I done out shined him
I done flat lined him
Gucci I'm still here
Gucci don't drink beer

But he does drink don
Hundred thousand dollar murder charge I made
Bond it's Gucci

I got bird flu shawty sellin' bird's my business

Catch that bird flu shawty that's a terrible sickness

I got bird flu shawty in the summer it's Christmas

Catch that bird flu shawty nigga handle yo business


I got bird flu shawty sellin' bird's my business

Catch that bird flu shawty that's a terrible sickness

I got bird flu shawty in the summer it's Christmas

Catch that bird flu shawty nigga handle yo business


Gucci done it does it John Rubert Stoddard
That's colored covered that's flooded studder
...  Leonard skinner watch sherbet pervert
Look flagerently fun it's an Aston martin

If you trick didn't notice watch me don't lose focus
Trap boys get bricks athletes gets trophies
Gucci Mane get cake it's my birthday party
Want a sweet sixteen that's two times forty

Watch look like Diddy chain look like fifty
Gucci Mane fuck wit me shawty move chickens
Shawty I do live it wanna take ad lib it
I'm so hood wit it you hip hop critic

I got bird flu shawty sellin' bird's my business

Catch that bird flu shawty that's a terrible sickness

I got bird flu shawty in the summer it's Christmas

Catch that bird flu shawty nigga handle yo business


I got bird flu shawty sellin' bird's my business

Catch that bird flu shawty that's a terrible sickness

I got bird flu shawty in the summer it's Christmas

Catch that bird flu shawty nigga handle yo business


Uh uh it's Gucci
Uh lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Jyea 

Yea 

Yeaaa...

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna Jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

Your mane is my name 
Gucci is what they call me 
Six months I lost it 
Now bitch I ball it 
Twenty-eight inches 
Got me standin' really tall man 
Tearin' up the mall 
This is just the way I ball man 
Cocaine ounces 
Blue and yellow wristband 
Chain look iceland 
Watch my breitling 
Niggas think ice can 
Gucci think island 
Niggas think charger 
Gucci think 'rrari 
-sorry 
Murcialago I park it 
Inside peanut butter 
Outside change it 
Now outside 
Get it inside stranger 
Diamonds look mustard 
S 600 

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

We pull up to the club 
Fresh up off the grind 
Me and my lil buddies 
And we finna jump the line 
Jump the line every time 
You know we jump the line 
Fresh up off the grind 
And we finna jump the line 

I enter to the club 
Im lookin for a girl 
She lookin for a thug 
Like I'm lookin for a pull 
I bought a pack of bullets 
I showed her lot of jewels 
I gotta lot shows lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










And you want me to give you all of my heart
All of my love
But you don't love me 
And you keep on sayin that's how you are
But that ain't good enough
Cause you don't love me 
And you want me to think that were gonna pass
So I keep coming back 
You say it might be
But baby that ain't
Gonna be good enough
So there ain't no us
Cause you don't love me

I'm a zone 6 nigga so it ain't nothin to it
Yo man won't beat it up but guess what  
I'll beat that thang like I'm performin
Ya hate me now but you gon' love me in the mornin 
Flash flood warning I'm in the club stormin (GO GO GO GO lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Burn up our door 
Hard wood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Bricks going in 
Birds going out 
I stashed a 100 mill 
Off in my stash house 


Order room 2 
Order room 1  
Especially for tonight it's some Shawty Redd drums. 

Burn up our door 
Hardwood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Come on in cash out 
Birds in a drought 
Hole lot of soft 
In my stash house 

If it don't jump the first time cook it again 
Den call the dope man shawty get you a ten 
Den den call him again den call da dope man den call him again. 

I'm so gangsta and he's so corny 
I'm so hood that the hoes get horny 
07 corvette I'm off set shortys 
If those the new 20 then order me forty 
Gucci mane rabbit drums made by shorty 
The hood say we waz up like bartie 
Ralph Laurens seats with the polo cut 
71 chevelle an they sittin on bucketz 
76 of elz and dey sittin on shanti's 
The kid straight bluntin smokin top knot chrionic 
A pound of what we smoke cost 95000 
I smoke it all day back to back its nothing 
Gucci mane trick on a bitch no cuffin 
Baby suck my dick I gave her 2 clean hundreds 
I Didn't have a deal niggas thought it wasn't comin
Never spint a rap check yet no stuttin it's Gucci. 

Burn up our door 
Hard wood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Bricks going in 
Birds going out 
I stashed a 100 mill 
Off in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
Gucci mane in his stash house. 

Burn up our door 
Hardwood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Come on in cash out 
Birds in a drought 
Hole lot of soft 
I'm in my stash house 

If it don't jump the first time cook it again 
Den call the dope man shawty get you a ten 
Denden call him again den call da dope man den call him again 

Headed up I-10 With a couple of hens 
In a bubbled eyed Benz cuz I'm gettin it in 
Gotta a team of kickmen 
I be sendin them in 
Kickin doorz off da hinges tryna cop by the ten 
If a nigga touch a hair on my chiny chin chin 
On my chin chiller trench then we spending a ben
Gotta russian armor handgun it's my bestfriend 
Shawty redd in da bentley Gucci mane in the baby 
Drop a baby in the potit do what it doez 
When I pull it out the pot I'ma serve it to cuz 
Heavy wrist activity that started my buzz 
White diamonds in the bart look like lil light bulbs it's Gucci 

Burn up our door 
Hard wood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Bricks going in 
Birds going out 
I stashed a 100 mill 
Off in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
I'm in my stash house 
Gucci mane in his stash house. 

Burn up our door 
Hardwood floor 
Money on the table 
I'm in my stash house 
Come on in cash out 
Birds in a drought 
Hole lot of soft 
I'm in my stash house 

If it don't jump the first time cook it again 
Den call the dope man shawty get you a ten 
Denden call him again den call da dope man lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Gucci huh huh huh yeeaahh yeeaahh 
I count a hundred gran den I ate sum cereal 
Stuff a half a brickie n a box of cherrios 
Ho's like Guccie I done seen ya video 
2 Atlanta cars all stretch interior 
20 million dollars n da seat iz you serious 
Sum millions of front 4da kids dey furious 
G4 flights club like dey hearin me 
Diz iz nitti beat 
I dont think dat hearin me 
80 thousand dollars 4 a track you kiddin me 
Gucci Mane back n dey cant get rid of me 
A multi million dollar business I'm bout 2 finna b 
A one of six n part 2 bell on my jewelery 
Ya girl wuz a jewelor seen da bulor 
I roc so much ice I should of bought my cooler 
Ya girl want 2 layup 
Seen da jacob 
Crazy color chain lookin like a laser huh 


A multi million dollar bag yeah datz tru 
Gucci let you cop a mill r 2 
Yeah datz cool 
Well da vegas of miami east n west coast too 
Den she tell me do she want it 
Den I say itz cool 
Big ballers shy callers top notch girl too 
Can I take you out 4 dinner 
She said yeah datz cool 
Nda numbers dat you did ima do times 2 wanna hit diz mid Gucci 
Shit dog I'm cool 
Im Cool  
She cool  
He Cool  
We Cool  
Be Cool  
Do you  
Not you  
Cuz we cool  

I got eight bedrooms wit layside view 
Own eight mazaradi's wit da off set boots 
Last year did time I wuz on da 2 
Camillio painted old school means a change n view 
Murda charge gun charge acavated assault 
First day outta jail man I bought da bar 
Second day outta jail man I bought da car 
Everyday of da week I fuckin den it 4 yall 
Gotta take every girl 2 a different mall 
Southern cathlic physic placid man I luv 2ball 
Cake boy cake girl man I luv dem all 
Got 40 thousand dollars n my Gucci draws pu**y 
N I aint even reed up yet 
But like da repo man da whole hood n debt huh 
N I aint even reed up yet 
But like da repo man da whole hood n debt huh 


A multi million dollar bag yeah datz tru 
Gucci let you cop a mill r 2 
Yeah datz cool 
Well da vegas of miami east n west coast too 
Den she tell me do she want it 
Den I say itz cool 
Big ballers shy callers top notch girls too 
Can I take you out 4 dinner 
She say yeah datz cool 
Nda numbers dat you did ima do times 2 lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Shawnna got a 'lac sittin' on tres
Shawnna don't need no nigga I'm paid
Shawnna got stacks
Shawnna got grip
Shawnna got that so you better not slip
I'm posted on tha block
My girls tippin' dro
This cafe patron got me sippin real slow
I'm lookin like a star
Ice on my neck
Ice on my wrist
Ice on my chest
You might wanna fit but I ain't on that
I'm way fucked up
I'm way tore back
And I don't give a fuck I got it like that
They took a niggas juice
I got it right back
And now they like 'damn'
Now they like 'amazing'
Tondra roll 4 5 blunts and we blazin'
Look at shawty gazin'
He lookin like he want me
I'm sorry little daddy
I'm tryna get ya homie


Lames can't call her 
All she date is ballers 
Shawty got a fetish 
Squares can't call her 

Lames can't call her 
All she date is ballers 
Shawty got a fetish 
She only date ballers 


I'm Gucci Mane Laflare I'm MVP
I know your baby mama real proud of me
The Benz line say they get tired of me
I'm young kush man I sell nothin but QP's
Shawnna so fine Gucci mane I'm good
She so pretty but still so hood
Hey little darling How you shawty?
I'm so marvelous I can't call it
I'm so southern you so northern
We so crack rock they so corny
It's two-thirty early I'm horny
The way I cook a brick It's like I'm doin a performance
All eyes on we Homegirl want me
Say he on tha track So tha track real funky
Pants red monkey Gucci go donkey
Niggaz play crazy lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









 Huh? Awww man
That good kush - this kush is PERFECT!!
I'm really smokin - DJ Speedy track PERFECT!!
Really perkin - So Icey we PERFECT!!
Well we the shit - my record label is PERFECT!!



Run it back just like I'm a runningback
While my diamonds doin jumpin jacks my pockets gettin fat 
I'm gettin fat  obese 
I won't stop man I just keep eatin 
Dear meat  let's feast 
Dear Lord I thank you for this beef
Dear meat  let's feast 
Oh Lord thank you for this beef

It's no sweat but I keep good Keith 
That strong loud kush they call it Irene 
Sixteen with about ten G's 
And Spike Lee was screamin  
Not us  not me 
Got 49 cent in my Guess jeans 
And my chain  is one mill' 
That's one mill' more than your deal 
I'm so trill  large bills 
I'm sittin tall grill it come from Paul Wall
No cocallins shawty yeah I keep the Paul Wall
The Lil Wyte the Eminem you know the 
Gucci!!



Now it don't stop 'til the fat girls sings 
When it's over hit 'em with the violins 
Go  - bring the beat back!
Do you like the violins? 
Matter fact drop the beat and play the strings
Go  - bring the beat back
Beat so hard I ain't gotta say a thing 
One Mane two chains three knots and fo' rangs
Eight please excuse me that's fo' on both hands
I'm Mr. Perfect run Mane Mane Gucci Mane
Gucci!!



This for my lil' brother Nate he ain't even thirteen
Tell Meagan Uncle Gucci say good and stay sweet
Like my children and my auntie my niece is pretty
Love my momma more than my Hummer on Ashantis
Love my brother 50 and I know that nigga love me
Love Walker Wood Warren R.I.P. to Raliegh
Shout out to Uncle Joe and my Uncle Bentley
Speedy beatbox on the track take it to Jamica Queens
{} Go go lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I got the stove on and get the pie... hot
It's fin' to get hot
So put your mask on and lick some shots... hot
It's fin' to get hot

Man the whip gon' be a cold summer
Ice on my Bentley so that means I got a cold stormer
 And my watch it cost a cool hundred
Ch'all cost me two hundred flexin with the new money
Brr - got that don't know what to do money
Put it in the 7 got my old school lookin too funny
Hahaha and this paint job cost a cool twenty
Gotta watch my 2 junkies burnin on that good chronic
Huh? A flat 40 and my rim Mikey
Try to CEO I leave you flunky like a damn donkey
Geah I hope you heard what I just said homey
Thought you were my dog 'til that nigga put the fes on me
So nigga go and tell on me
I'ma get this bread homey I ain't never scared homey
Huh? Hope you heard what I just said homey
You can go and tell on me I'ma get this bread homey



In the club on that good burnin
Shorty smokin weed but it smellin like that wood burnin
Stop! In Magic City on a good Monday
Got it rainin good money hoes make it good for me
Go go go I told lil' momma what she could do for me
Shorty kept it hood lil' momma out here catchin jewels for me
I told my flunkie need to see somethin
Shorty she don't ride but she took G down to the 10 for me
Uhh and I let her get it in for me
Comin through the outfit right now strapped down with them things for me
Uhh and that girl know how to spend money
Baby want that real money show you how to lay in money
 I told her all I do is cash hundreds
Lookin like that cash money out here makin fast money
Uhh but nigga if you trick your last money
If you trick your last money nigga you a damn dummy



I hit the club gon' leave my car runnin
Why you leave your car runnin? I'm just gon' be five minutes
 Man I pull me about 9 women
It did take me 9 minutes but I needed 9 jimmies
 Make these girls grant all my 9 wishes
All you player haters need to get the fuck out my bid'ness
Uhh lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Geah geah Gucci
Geah geah Juice
Zay we eskimos
Whassup Juan T? Boss Lady?
Geah E.A. E.A. E.A. I mean
E.A. E.A. E.A. I mean
This a block party nigga you serve the blocks nigga
or you ain't comin nigga geah Atlanta


It's my party buy a dub if you want to
30 if you want to 40 then I front you
A block on a plate take a line if you want to
You know that you want to I know what'chu gonna do

10 and a half 30 bags in a drought 
Gucci run the 6 with a pot in the vault
Hey yeah I roll hey yeah I steal
Hey yeah I smoke drink and pop pills 
Nigga this my party where do you live? 
Who let you in how'd you get here?
Gucci go bonkers man the flow's monster
Old folks wonder how I ride Hummer
Corvette old school Verte look like Tonka
Fo' deep gangsta negro wood rocker
Chopper flames jump out just like Flocka
Nigga drop us be missin like Jimmy Hoffa



Eskimos baby where the igloo at?
I'm double if you cut me my wet might leak out
Million dollar traphouse and I just cashed out 
Got the red car cause it can't mace{?} out
And I bring packs out thrice house sex out
It's my block this where them feds get slammed out 
and issue that crack out  two chicks at my crack house 
Can I suck your dick? Hell nah you junkie bitch
Can't touch my work or dick your worthless piece of shit
I'm up three million and that's just here licks
I sell white icks on to that bass bricks
Save your compartment save the deposit
Glock no safety I already cocked it
Gucci two bands can't fit in a wallet
I'm all 'bout the profit the feds keep watchin
Gucci two bands can't fit in a wallet
I'm all 'bout the profit the feds keep watchin 



I turned my Glock to a Mac with a 30 round clip
Everybody step back I'm fin' to let this fucker rip
Nigga don't slip sniper rifle equal
Street sweeper hit that ass here the bill on the igloo
Buy the tips and the Glock bet that sink your battleship
Pussy bwoy musta thought Gucci Mane wouldn't rip
Who the hell you think I am? Musta thought I was a bitch
Last time I took a piss lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity

Send on my jacky baby call her terry bracelet baby
Bart one was spent 'bout 20 G Gucci drop three eighty baby
Multicolor carrot tee my necklaces are heavy mane
Hit the club then leave the club then come back with another chain

Mighty mouse is icy dog Bart shit is just stupid
Yellow blue black green and white the diamonds match the groupies
Digitally enhance stones pink is like a movie
Truly I'm a walkin' lick Gucci man the talkin' brick

If you ain't gonna talk to chickens dog who you talkin' to?
7:30 in the kitchen Nate Nate about to go to school
Saturday I'm cookin' chickens momma about to go to work
Sunday Gucci cookin' chickens granny about to go to church

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity

Heavy wrist activity got me livin' lovely
Cocka nina heaven land cocka nina shawty
Breakin' down ten chickens dog about to cook the shake up
All these extra grams might as well go buy a Jacob

Gucci man for mayor Gucci man so player
Repin' East Atlanta that's ten minutes from Decatur
Almost match are cars and are belts going to match are gators
You can't swang like Gucci 'cause you don't got enough flavor

Heavy on the lickerish industry ridiculous
Bitches I'm magnificent I'm not very articulate

Gucci what's the penalty shawty what's the business
Every night is Valentine every day is Christmas
Gucci what's the penalty shawty what's the business
Every night is Valentine every day is Christmas

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity

My girlfriend say she love me but it's just the jewelry
Multicolor carrots got your girlfriend kinda curious
First I drop my verses and then I go and drop the chorus
Then I'm out the booth back to my trap you know I'm mournin'

'74 restored it Beethoven recorded
Say you charging 30 like that Gucci can't afford it
Gucci chargin' 40 dog that's a couple birdies
Gucci stoopid jewelry dog I don't think you herd me

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci Gucci and my diamond's fruity

See my chain stoopid and my ring stoopid
Girl I'm not stoopid but my knot stoopid
All sets stoopids BBS stoopids
Girl it's Gucci lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Aiyyo! Y'all hear me? (sniff lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Ital original Don Dada say
The motherfuckin saga just begun
WARNING! Warning cinder boots
Sunk in the mud I am


(Killin killin killin) The original WAR! So
Kill dem pussy we kill dem fi fun
Killin a pussy we kill dem fi fun
Killin pussy we kill dem fi fun
Send a man no mind our business or die tonight
Or tell him ass again that 'im end soon come
Before 'im come mi Gucci Mane come
Before 'im come de Don Dada come
When we come it's a battle gun come
Pussy gwan see we and started to run
But - nowhere to 'ide me-say nowhere to run
Infrared light might dead 'pon we gun
See 'im place the spot them a dead 'im fall down so
Kill him pussy we kill dem fi fun
Killin a pussy kill dem fi fun


Man I murder fo' fun but my job is never done
From morning morn' to the setting of the sun
Bad men come come come get murdered for fun
The hundred round drum in my tommy gun
Be a cat in the Hum' I'll cut out your tongue
Me and Ox man we murder fo' fun
Talk talk bad man come get murdered fo' fun
The Gucci Mane man I murder fo' fun
See my momma ain't raised no bitch-ass nigga
Never heard Gucci Mane no snitch-ass nigga
When you dealin with a vet don't bring a rookie
Tell Young Jeezy that I smell pussy
The top shotter with the Don Dada
The whole hood is a done daddah
M holla to the state of Nevada
Put a hole in your fuckin oblongota pussy




Big Cat is a Army better yet a Navy
Try to kill Gucci Mane bitch it ain't crazy
Tell Jeezy it's a bullet with his name on it
A ten thousand dollar hit he put my chain on it
Ye ain't heard about it? You ain't seen the news?
Ye ain't read the paper? You fuckin player hater
Bird brain-ass nigga perpetratin the boss
Might think you won one but you really done lost lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










I got trap money I got trap-I got trap 
I got 20 for a show but it's really rap money
20 for a hoe and that's really trap money


B.A.!!
Blue lights flashin checkin out my mansion
Gangster so flashy Louis Vuitton magnum
How he out here swaggin? Dat be what they askin
I drop the white crease call it dope boy magic
Dopeology you should take one of my classes
Hit me in the hood red carpet pants saggin
Rob you on Front Street in 75 classic
My potnahs know I'm good in the hood besides rappin
I got trap money cabin it's 30 if you askin
D trap money lavish ain't gotta make it rappin
Fruity bezel the cabbage them country niggaz taxin
Ballin like Maverick blowin loud in the traffic
I robbed a nigga twosie in some Rap Lord fashion
Say young'n in the hood I'm a trap money addict
Cartier glasses you see that I got money
I wake up early in the mornin I need me some trap money




Mook!
20 Benz back you see a nigga that's my pack money
Look I ain't got no record deal so no it ain't no rap money
You see the stack in my jeans I can't fit no rubber band
22 on cents I'ma wrap it 'round them
And first I unload the tractor bust 'em out the wrapper
Get 'em to my trappers and they bring me back them rat chicks
Bust off goin fast you can call it cheetah girl
When I get the panky you know I'm water whippin her
No top on the whip tank top Louis V
You can call me tank top cause all I do is wifebeat
Talkin smart on the phone price just gone up
Take it or leave it homeboy either way I give a fuck
Pot cold LB's kush by the O-Z's
Yeah I sell 'em for the low and get 'em for the dirt cheap
Get in just how you want I'm a walkin trap sto'
Well connected nigga courtesy of my amigos
Flyin down 20 East trunk full of dirty birdies
In the middle of the drought we let them bitches fly for 30
In the kitchen cuttin work I gotta do my two-step
Yeah I'm bad leg trappin bring it to your front stop
Now I'm on Y-65 just got off I-10
In the handicap van fill it up with midgets man
I mean the good I know is show and it ain't come from rappin money
Ten bands all tens lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Yup! Yup!
Gucci Mane in this motherfucker 
My nigga Zo' on the track 
That real shit that real shit


I'm a hood rich nigga I ain't never had shit
I really ain't shit; niggaz talkin 'bout me
but they really ain't shit they ain't said shit
It don't make dollars it don't make cents/sense

I ain't never had shit nigga that's the truth
Rich kids in the school used to draw on my shoes
Name stayed on the board fo' checks in chalk
In detention cause the teacher say that we can't talk
Counselor raggin and my momma got that I just walk
I wish I had a nickel for every fight I fought
Stealin candy out the sto' like I can't get caught
Just a lil' bad black boy it ain't my fault
After school snack syrup and fo' pieces of bread
Granddaddy why yo' eyes so God damn red?
"Got a real soft ass and a hard-ass head
Better mind your fuckin manners boy" that's what he said



I moved to East Atlanta at the age of 9
Real cold winter 1989
My brother good at ball I can't play no sports
They won't let you pack a tool on the b-ball court
Cluster Ave Monty Paul where my daddy now?
Things goin alright we a family now
Got the dopeman Nikes and the Starter coat
Only nigga in school with the dopeman rope
Pull the joint two times man I'm high already
I like that girl with them braids and them high-top Chevys
Got that bump for stick-up Starter and the big boy chest
Tried to take it on the train but I just couldn't let him



14 gettin drunk at a house party
They locked me up they must have hid a half a ounce on me
Momma mad as a mother' daddy let him be
Gucci Mane raised me to be a straight up G 
Now my daddy hustle hard but he love sum liquor
And my momma wanna leave him but she love the nigga
Everything kinda changed when I turned 16
Got the old school Regal with the chrome back rings
Like a newborn baby man that bitch clean
But the motor fucked up and the transmission
and it's knockin down the street with the 415's
In Mackmile parkin lot stright whipping
And I'm Bankhead bouncin fo' hoes want me
Hit the half and give me two dimes for 15
And my mind's on gettin reach by all means
In the trap lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Big Cat Records


Diamonds hello yellow fellow
Mellow yellow diamond bezel
Aqua water toilet water
Pissin yellow shit mellow
Club light club night
Shorty got a hella chain
Hella cake hella fame
Drop top Corvette yellow thang

DeVille on the watch chain earring and ring shit
Hangin with the dope boys cause they on the same shit
Blues got evicted shorty think she seein things
Boy I start on a skateboard and he skate man
Dope be 180 mane got these rappers hatin mane
Got it fo' Atlanta mane brought it out my trappin game
Whole lot of traffic mane bein mojo stackin change
Tattoo of that yellow rang shorty got a yellow chain



Cracy color cherry chain same color my baby ass
Sellin white and smokin green shiny yellow diamond cream
Time to work no time to play every day I'm off in yay
Usin cocallina choosin demi jewelry boss excused
{?} runnin scare a cover ketchup stones and yellow mustard
Red black and green bright call the piece the motherland
All white earring cost me damn near 80 grand
Five time zone change what's the time in Pakistan?
Homeboy got a leather belt Gucci flood it platinum belt
Crazy color karats bitch went platinum call it kuatinum
Shorty drunk just chewin his stacks say that boy quadruple that
Gucci draw 200 ranks how he gon' keep up with that?



Scoopy fruity icey part the piece that'll change your heart
Gucci Mane up in your part border diamonds yellow market
Ice stones ringtone green stones cell phone
X-5 fifty on offset lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Ay! DJ Speedy 
You a fool for this one 
Selassie Ice 
We still rock steady 
Gucci Mane where you at?


YEAHHH! I'm not your baby daddy
I'm your sugar daddy too much money on me
I can buy you all drinks everything is on me
You can smoke and eat free I'm in the V-I-P
Baby come and see me G-U double-C I
M-A-N-E I'm 
You done heard about me but enough about me
Let's talk about we come lie on my sheets
I'ma lay in you deep like a Lamborghini
Girl you represents me and you must look cute
Cause you represent me I'm the President Bill
You my Hilary but you try an' diss me
I'ma call on whiskey need a black lady
independent Oprah Winfrey ask Oprah Winfrey
Has she heard about me? Spread the word about me
If you leave your plan A I can be your plan B
Gucci!


Lambo like a Lambo
Get low to the earth like a Lambo
Baby stick your hands up like a Lambo
Go slow go fast like a Lambo
Oh she looks like a Lambo like a Lambo
Baby body bangin harder than a Lambo
Baby put her hands up like a Lambo
She remind me of a Murcielago


Like a Lamborghini shorty very pricey
She can be your wifey could say that shorty might be
But I think she like me least I think she like G's
All the G's on her bag how she couldn't like me?
 How she wouldn't like me? Your man wanna bite me
But he shouldn't now you runnin like a Lamborghini
Shorty fine as a scene Jet beauty this week
She as top notch as Jet but she a stone cold freak
Ridin down to South Beach 'bout 4 or 5 drinks
Jumped in a 'Lago doors up you don't say
Gucci Mane Selassie girl we extra ic-ey
Wanna owe it to Atlanta pussy nigga don't say
I'ma pay like I weigh every day my payday
Every day our payday we in the Lamborghini
I'ma pay like I weigh every day my payday
Every day our payday we in the Lamborghini




And she know she good when she up in the hood
Because she got that good that's what they say in the hood
Yeah so you can ask Mr. Gucci excuse me Mr. Icey
Baby girl yeah say she wanna be your wifey
She dress real pricey lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









The way my wrist glist' I make a hood bitch say 
My neck-lace represent the fact I go ham
It's lonely up here man I need to come down
So many O's I made the bank teller pass out

My trap house floors lookin like a Magic City Monday
But ain't no singles it's just big head hundreds
My car's gettin watched by this ugly-ass junkie
I keep laughin like a woman but it ain't shit funny 
I'm posted in the trap and my country boys comin
I'm hood rich bitch still servin two dummies
I'm gettin on your nerves cause Gucci got money
The charm is absurd but the rims are all shiny



I mic check I mic check now it's time the chicken talk
One scratch on my Nike checks I cop another pair
I got stacks on deck make the girl break her neck
when she hit the bubble kush the bitch coughed up her breakfast
I'm the realest make a bet lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Geah  Gucci 
Gucci Mane LaFlare yeah

(But guess what we here we sellin units)
(We doin real big AND we eatin the whole plate)
The whole fuckin plate man; ain't no cuts on this shit man
Ain't no middleman in this shit we want all the fuckin money man
We get all the money independent where it's at man
I'ma tell y'all independents like this
If you want the blueprint to this shit watch Gucci Mane

Gucci overdooz it does it the boy's perfect
Neck piece flooded it's color scattered and covered
I'm worth nine hundred God damn I spent a hundred
But that's rap money when trappin that cash nothin
I'm internet surfin tourin grillin and turfin
Speedboat racin jet skiing and golfin
Crazy color Jordans same color the ballin
Bitch I bet up on it I'm rich my dear regardless
Shrimp scampi odor every time I flaunt chick
Trap nigga conversate with a Harvard smart bitch
I'm young rich and heartless put you on a carton
Cartoon jewelry customized by my artist
Six months locked got a head start bitch
I was nigga rich befo' I ever got a rap check
Yellow Corvette same color Moet
Paid twenty grand just to get every stone set


Big black hollow tips that's what the sig spit
Hataz try me they'll get shot in the kidneys 
Dislodge bullets real fast what a chop' do 
I'm Gucci Mane LaFlare I tote a glock like a cop do
We don't talk to strangers we cop bangers
Trappin at night man it might get dangerous
But I'm from East Atlanta where they cuttin off fangaz
I'm from East Atlanta where they cuttin off fangaz!

I'm shittin on these rappers like I'm wearin a Pamper
I'm sittin on five hundred cause I got it together
Niggaz never try niggaz that set examples
I'ma eat a shawty sunnyside or the scramble
The port of Miami to the streets of my 'lanta
The pinkie with the light stone match your encounter
I'm Gucci Mane LaFlare they call me Gucci Montana
I'm Boston Georgia Florida Macon Tampa and 'Bama
My Mississipi niggaz feel me harder than Banner
Haters see my video they switchin the channel
Gucci got pieces shawty go get'cha camera
And Gucci time is money bitch so go get it faster
Cause I could give a damn about your father's a pastor
Because I smoke your father then yo' ass is a bastard
Gucci smokin weed so you know he's a hazard
Money's on my mind bitches don't really matter



My money so big it can't fit in my matress
Devil bought the actress cause I signed with Atlantic
One fifty cursin while trappin in Spanish
Forty in my pocket turn yo' head to some Manwich
Boss of your boss man I push the Porsches
My million dollar chain got me feelin important
Jumped off early and copped me a fort
Major moves with money like the 
Gucci go and get it while them hoes get abortions
Shittin on a bitch take a piss on they Jordans
Rappers want promotion Gucci Mane want the package
The scale in the bag bitch pay me on the back end
Hamiltons and Washingtons Franklins and Jacksons
Trapper never trip I just added the fractions
New bitch waggin lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Gangs
GEAH GEAH GEAH GEAH


Gangs let's start a gang
E'rybody say they wanna join the gang
These thangs let's start again
E'rybody say they wanna join the gang
So Icey boy that's the thang
E'rybody say they wanna join the gang
This gang - wanna join the gang
So Ice boy nigga that's the thang
This gang


'Fore you join the gang gotta change your name 
Sound is So Icey change your slang
Hot boys hot girls blaze ya {?}
Crip greens rice law enforcement treys
Simple plain shorty I'll bang ya brain 
Don't get it twisted shorty I'll cock and aim
Gucci got guns with beams and thangs 
The runners got stupid had dreams of thangs 
Black Chuck Taylors with the screens and thangs
Cause everybody say they wanna join the gang
Black Chuck Taylors red shoestrings and thangs
Cause e'rybody say they wanna join my gang
It's Gucci




Shouts out to the red and the blue gangs
And them boys with the black flags gettin money mane
I get that pepperjack cheese boy that's hot money
Kinda similar to what you boys call block money 
It's kinda funny cause the money come in blocks son
I got a Forrest Gump trap house - it stay runnin
Say e'rybody wanna join the So Icey fam
Well get your money right Miller  Cause we goin ham
Throwed off cause the gang I rep that e'ryday
We get it with the So Icey boy the long way
Ben Frank's my right hand man but I need him mo' and mo'
So add in nine others butter now I got a Grand Hustle




Nigga it's a gang thang gang plan gang bang
Here to give it Sunday every day is gang day
Red rag blue rag black rag green
Don't put it on your body 'less you know what that mean
The team tote infrared beams knahmean?
We'll bust you bullets goin in your spleen knahmean?
Baby feelin good cause she on the dream team
Cause every bad bitch wanna join a real gang 
His lady feelin good cause she got a real lame
Cause one track mind never made the out train
Baby's feelin good cause she on the dream team
Cause every bad bitch wanna join a real gang
His lady feelin good lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Hot damn! Hot hot stankin hot
A steerin wheel charm 'bout the size of a dinner plate


Too many VVS and when you see you got to say

Is your lights on?  Iced on 
Diamonds on my chest my name right on my wrist my fist
it be like 
All the hoes sayin 
Then the niggaz be like diamonds on the chest thick
Wrist arm fist man Gucci Mane LaFlare he the shit

Gucci Mane in the party bump whoa Kemosabe
So sick with the words think I need chemotherapy
No simpleton but this beat it's a sicken them
Gucci Mane the maestro but you should take a whiff of it
Halloween down to chain hoes wanna trick or treat
Brother trick it off 'fore I take yo' bitch out to eat
Buyin chain so foolish girl I spent a hundred G's
I can trick my brightland then and get a hundred G's
Hundred G's ain't nothin to me I need least two thousand ki's
Where are those two thousand pizzas it been dry out here a week
Laugh not for the kid dawg twenty thousand for a fee
Ten cars got a fleet I done rolled and everything



See the second verse better so get your air freshener
Wanna be like Gucci? Little buddy eat your vegetables
I'm on another level I'm Gucci Boosay
Gucci boots were purchased 'fore they came out schedule
Thirty-five thou' just to come to your house
say happy birthday ate cake and bounced out
Now Gucci is a drought whereabout not in this house
Pills pills powder traphouse like a drug sto'
Never too much I'm the shit like the commode
Toilet stool breath ass girl you need to back up
Shawty so fine she need to slow it up slow it up
Shawty showin legs but she still ain't seen enough



Speedy Gucci
The So Icey boys baby girl see our diamond watches
All the girls are jockin cause they know that my diamonds poppin
Floppin flies around me cause they know that Gucci's funky
Toppin and bossin and save the posses for the runnin
AK-47 is still what's shakin for me
So Icey squad pussy nigga we cross the country
See I'm the man bland pussy nigga we the army
We made a plan and and look we formed a company
So mad told y'all that we gettin money
Every day they cocky and dirty laundry
1500 just to clean my garbage
I'm Gucci Mane LaFlare lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Ahhhhh gucci gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci gucci ahh 
Nothings goin to stop my reign ahh ahh 


Part of my pain is run through problems 
Stoppable I jump over obstacles 
Stop my grind like stop sunshine
So impropable probable mission impossible 
I said it two times nigga nigga stop lying 
Bullshit you sellin now I'm just not buying 
Flow so nice but the kid's not kind 
Swear its sicker than a new flu they got called swine
Standing on point like a unicorn
Strapped with a unibomb
Everdays a workday but dont wear uniform
Gucci mane a dubadun
Trouble like a capricorn
Trapper month goin on a money makin marathon
U the jocker I be robin
And the riddle is the batmans throne
Try not to fuck my money up and rap career like pacman jones
Thumb print me finger print me
But can we agree to disagree
Im from east atlanta 6 where the boys dump bricks
But we dont bump the blueprint 3
Wanna box me jus like max speed
But you cant fuck me like resh p
Like ali ima float like a butterfly sting like a bee cuz its big gucci gucci

Ahhhhh gucci gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci gucci ahh 
Nothings goin to stop my reign ahh ahh 

Streets de-railed me
But god didnt fail me
Oppurtunity knocked but it just emailed me
D.A nailed me watch them jail me
Take it like a champ while the whole world mail me
Young dont like me jay outselles me
Nothing in the world kanye couldnt tell me
You can beat anyone but gucci
Jaw so hard I can hardly do me
Cuz whatever that I heard use to let that 
Bet if you had the chance to you'd mute me
Convicted felon my lil friends jailin
My stash here you go and my bones done swellin
Crazy so I need prozac really
My home kept skep n my folks so eary
So hardworkin that my bones still reary
Fall in the club then the hoes start cheerin
So hear me hear me I know yall hear me
I dont like life to much not really
High like britney stoned like jimmy
Got a second chance like vick in philly
This aint snap music this is trap music
New boyz in cali yea they got a jerk movement
Bricksquad niggaz we rep the block
Gucci mane I work forks n pots

Ahhhhh gucci gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci gucci ahh 
Nothings goin to stop my reign ahh ahh 

Ahhhhh gucci gu u u cci 
Ahhhhh gucci lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










So so oh for real? Oh f'real?
Hell yeah man
Now now that's cold blooded
So you mean to tell me you had the whole shit on lock like dat?
Man I'm tellin you like like Nino Brown
How many car?
Seventeen
Man you mean to tell me
How mu' how much you make in in a day?
I'm tellin you man shit man money man
A million dollars two million dollars
That's crazy
How many niggaz you have workin for you?
Shit my lil' cousin brother my auntie
Oh you had them hoe
I see you goin mad shit though
How much money up there dawg?
Fifty thousand at a time
They shoulda fucked with a nigga mayne
Yeah I'm I'm I'm down I'm the..
How much you lay on a nigga mayne?
I gotta get to know you a little bit
I'ma do somethin for ya I'ma lay somethin on ya
Aww man that's cold blooded that's cold clooded
I'ma do somethin for ya youngblood y'knahmean?
I know you out there tryin
So tell me somethin huh
How big the house wars you were talkin 'bout?
Oh I had man many - which house?
Oh man what the hell that bitch you used to be fuckin with?
Oh shit uhh Red the red one?
Aww man that crazy-ass bitch
That's hard mayne hard mayne
So tell me man that nigga used to work for you?
Oh yeah oh yeah that nigga would do anything I tell him
How much he owe you?
He don't owe me nuttin now
I done beat all my money out of his ass
Oh is that verified?
Yeah verified
Tell me somethin tell me somethin then okay okay
Youngblood
Tell me this right here but check this out
What hood you from? 
Uh man I'm lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Gucci gucci
Whats up corey
Back in the trap!
Heavy real heavy its so heavy heavy real heavy
Gucci gucci gucci gucci

Heavy real heavy it feels heavy
Somebody help me
My neck hurt my chain heavy
Heavy door heavy flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash its so heavy
Listen I cant land it I go get it
My ego gettin too big its too heavy
My head gettin too big its so heavy
Somebody help me took all this cash its too heavy.

My bitch say everytime she look up im bout to do a cook up 
I told he if she know like I know she will shut the fuck up
Introduce color the soda and I said yall need to hook up
I pimp that white girl like a mother fuckin hooker
I took 300 out my stash and I went and bought a phantom
I need some toilet paper im the shit in east atlanta
On a 90 day tour so my niggas really miss me
I couldnt kick it with them so I took my whole hood with me
And I just got out of jail ya they tried to michael vick me
I gave my lawyer half a mill and told him come and get me
Im not wit g-unit but this drum here cost me 50
This chain another 50 thats a hundred on you snitches

Heavy real heavy it feels heavy
Somebody help me
My neck hurt my chain heavy
Heavy door heavy flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash its so heavy
Listen I cant land it I go get it
My ego gettin too big its too heavy
My head gettin too big its so heavy
Somebody help me took all this cash its too heavy.

Im so confused dont have a clue man what to do.
Should I rob him or should I serve him you know the rules
I keep miami heat got more scrap then a gun show
Run up on the kid I have you moarning like alonzo
Try me if you want to I send my shooters pronto
I know u die but hell I dont know where you gotta go
Run up on me wrong try your luck cause I dont think so
This four four that I told will leave a whole size of a pot hole.
Yeah I got amigo but they dont bring me tacco
Only bring me kilos but keep that on the d lo.
Im getting my tip fade cut bouldercrest and flat show
Wish a nigga would run up on me like im brisco.

Heavy real heavy it feels heavy
Somebody help me
My neck hurt my chain heavy
Heavy door heavy flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash its so heavy
Listen I cant land it I go get it
My ego gettin too big its too heavy
My head gettin too big its so heavy
Somebody help me took all this cash its too heavy.

Uh well I think I need a hundred pack and I aint even finished
Im im in this deuplex in the 6 I only use the kitchen
Im the same with my grinder post yeah I got big bags of smoke
You fuck niggas dont call my phone unless you wanna buy some dro
I got birds like atlanta zoo bitch you a fool
I got goons like a scary movie yeah that is true
And I change cars like a rich white girl change shoes
Gotta go go get get them the money little cuz wanna duce
And I was holdin under 32 2002 you know its true
Bought em a sun valley jacob me and juice you know the crue.
I got money stacks credential now still aint spent old bred
If you wanna gladly pour some change on your own head.

Heavy real heavy it feels heavy
Somebody help me
My neck hurt my chain heavy
Heavy door heavy flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash its so heavy
Listen I cant land it I go get it
My ego gettin too big its too heavy
My head gettin too big its so heavy
Somebody help me lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Lil Wayne Cam'ron)




Pop hit it one more time and nigga you ain't alive
Homie you and i know the trooper
Thats between you and i
Got some jewelry on me yeah
Stupid jewewlry on me now
If you think you finna shit on gucci
Then just show me how
Someone dis me yesterday
What im 'posed to do go cry?
With my money chasin million dollar mission on the side
Just a chicken in my lap
Im bout to trust her then I die
Im so hood right now
They question whats gettin gucci high?
Stupid wild stupid stupid wild
Homie thats my style
Girls fightin
Hoes flexin man
Just to touch my tie
Get my squad squad
I ain't been this hard in a while
Blow top off
I ain't been this hard in a while


Stupid wild stupid stupid wild
Homie thats my style 
Every single night im ballin
Sippin on that drank girls crawlin
Mostly every night im countin countin
Niggas wanna fight but im shootin shootin
Niggas wanna fight but im shootin shootin
Bitches wanna fuck me mainly
Cause I got a catch and im famous
Im tryin to hold my head above water water
Stack a million cash I just oughta oughta
My chain cost a stack cause im gucci
My wardrobe gucci'd out like im boosting
Shine with all this ice
Homie shine shine
Wanna hate me?
Get a ticket and join the line
Fine



Wilder than a jaguar
Wilin in a jaguar
Please don't play with me
Ill put that pistol on your grandpa
I swear im so wild
I think I just may need a zanthar
If she on my team
I bet that bitch know who she playin for
Mr. coach carter
Or mr. go harder
And I like my kush dry
Like a fish with no water
Swagger stupid perfect
I might as well surf it
And if she ain't fuck me
She get the voicemail service
Tell it like it be
Bitch I do it for the bloods
And every fuckin time I say
 its for the bloods
With you just like I love
I do just like I does
And if you wanna fight
Come on you can fight my guns
Weezy man lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Yeah
Its Gucci
whats up baby
Yellow errthing this time you know what im talkin bout
Yellow rims Yellow big booty yellowbones
Yellow lambs Yellow MP's
Yellow watch Yellow charm ring chain
Yellow livin room set Lemonade gucci shoes for my girl
GUCCI


My phantom sittin on sixes no 20's in my gun
Your cutlass motor knockin because it is a lemon
I like dem Georgia-peaches but you look more like a lemon
These sour apple bitter bitches im not fuckin with em
Im truly stupid paid thats just how I feel today
Im movin slow cause codeine syrup's in my lemonade
Im standing in the shade and im sellin lemonade
600 a pint da going rate off in the 
Lemonade diamond bracelet put it in ur face 
Lemonhead diamond earrings I wore yesterday 
Im pimpin wearin linon thats just how im chillon
Im smokin grits and sellin chickens corvette painted lemons
GUCCI!!!


Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts
Livin out of shame with my feet up
Livin out of shame with my feet up
Lemon Pepper wangs and the freeze cup
Lemon Pepper wangs and the freeze cup
Lemons on my face watch em freeze up
Lemons on my face watch em freeze up


I got lemonade and lemon teeth
Lemons watch me mix the shit
Lemonade complexion east-australian girl be killin me
She say i be killin her i say i be feelin it
Four days then im sick of her cause her brain is lemonhead
Cocaine white exterior Interior Lemonade
Yellow wit da off-white trimmin
I call that da super drank
Yellow diamond pinky ring
Call that dere da lemon rock
Jewelry box a lemon bin my earring size a apricot
Yeah i smoke that strong alot yeah i need some of what you got
Half a pound of lemon kush call that pack the lemon drop
Canary yellow lemon watch big bird yellow top
Yellow Polo Polo slippers white and yellow polo socks
Gucci Mane be pumpin dawg he dont got all he say he got
Just stash one Lemon homie i can supply them the 50 glocks
Yellow boat parked at the dockYellowbone gon' make it drop
Flip da flop mine up the top then go buy me a yellow yacht




Lemonade my townhousein miami i want yellow carpet
Woke up in the mornin fuckin bought a yellow aston martin
Yellow bricks yellow dust yellow light yellow tusk
yellow piss spinnin whips yellow weed
weed up wit us
coward ass nigga yellow stripe you a yellowback
A-k hit your dog and u cant bring Old Yeller back
Yep gucci bang up eighty-thousand dats a yellow safe
yellow homes mellow homes you know u a scary-cat
no sleep for two days so my pupils lookin yellow
five flights six shows quarter-million on my schedule
Bangledesh and Gucci Mane niggas know they in trouble
green ice red light lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Soulja Boy Tell 'Em Waka Flocka Flame)




It's Gucci! 
Burr!
Soulja Boy Tell Em'!
It's Gucci!
Flocka!
Scott Storch Gucci Mane we back at it.
Burr!
So Icey.
Yeeeaaahhh!


We smokin' that fire endo wrist out the damn.
Window Lambo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Enzo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Phantom - they scream 'Bingo'!
Concept - they scream 'Bingo'!
Pullup - kids scream 'Bingo'!
Yo momma - scream 'Bingo'!

Bingo!  
Ahh...
It's Gucci! 
Burr!
Burr!


Yellow my watch
Yellow earrings 'n' my belt.
Can't fit in my schedule
Less booty like jello.
She know I slang kilos
Shout out to my 'migo
I call he said 10-4
Tight like Lamont Rollo.
My goal for El Gato
My house like a brothle
Fat hoes in Chicago
First class tomorrow Morocco.
Phantom with two moddles
Pull up tonight strapped
Jump out car scream 'pronto'!


We smokin' that fire endo wrist out the damn.
Window Lambo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Enzo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Phantom - they scream 'Bingo'!
Concept - they scream 'Bingo'!
Pullup - kids scream 'Bingo'!
Yo momma - scream 'Bingo'!

Bingo!  
Ahh...
It's Gucci!
Soulja!
It's Gucci!
Soulja Boy Tell Em'!
Burr!
Burr!


I'm ridin' in my Lambo
Kids screamin 'Bingo'!
Haters wanna hate
They'll get shot like a free throw.
Candy paint wet 
Drippin of my headlights
Catch me in the trap like some mothafuckin dead mice.
Every time I cut a corner kids screamin 'Bingo'! 
Tools on deck I ain't talkin Home Depot! 
Soulja Boy Tell Em'! 
I'm icey as a icicle
So much money bitch I valet park my bycicle!


We smokin' that fire endo wrist out the damn.
Window Lambo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Enzo - they scream 'Bingo'!
Phantom - they scream 'Bingo'!
Concept - they scream 'Bingo'!
Pullup - kids scream 'Bingo'!
Yo momma - scream 'Bingo'!

Bingo!  
Ahh...
It's Gucci! 
Burr!
Flocka!
Burr!
Flocka!
Flocka!


All the hood hoes point like 'Bingo'!
Waka Flocka  is the single.
Let's mingle got hoes like Wingo
My bitch a 'dime' your bitch look like a 'cinco'!
Like a free throw man I'm ballin now! 
Blew a kiss to the girls now they fallin out!
I pull up in the t-top Cutlass like 'Bingo'!
My girlfriend Regal same color as a flamingo!


We smokin' that fire lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









It feels so good to be back! 
Polow Usher baby (yeah Zone 4) 
How you doin Gucci?   


Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh

Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh


Rose by fifty 
Uh Now she tipsy 
Slow dancing in my mansion with no panties 
Want to get me 
Three girls Gucci trippin 
Thats a lot of women 
Expensive denim jeans on 
Designer heels ya feel me? 
I dont want no violence 
But damn she tryin to kill me 
She tryin to make me feel her 
Im trying to make her feel me 
She just had a long day 
Know i got that long cake 
I give her that long scream 
I fuck with her the long way 


Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh

Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh


Bang bang OKA 
Where you want to go today 
No she is not a prostitute 
But if she was Id have to pay 
Say lay you can stay 
I sex you up couple days 
Tell your girl no need to front 
She want participate 
Gucci aint eliminate 
4 girls with me 
Simply i glaze they ass 
Just like some churches biscuits 
Beat her like she stole my Bentley 
Swagger jackers pay attention 
Cali girl ATL Detroit New York girls be with me 


Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh

Cause the spolight aint nothin without ya girl 
And the dance floor aint nothing without ya girl 
You a show stopper ohhhhhh
Lets get it poppin ohhhhhh


I had a girl left alone 
Gucci Manes a bachelor 
Sex tape just like Pamela 
Cause Gucci not an amateur 
Mini skirt sun dress booty shorts Monster 
Her ass phat as two basketballs 
Gucci fittin to dunk her 
Pretty like Mariah 
Finer than Alicia 
Sexy just like Trina lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I think Im in love love love 
I think Im in Love Love Love 
I think im in love love love 
Love love 

She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She fallen in love 


Canary Diamonds on my fist on wrist and on my neck 
Ms. lady say she Know my name And I aint even told her yet 
No need ta introduce myself I let my money do the Greeting 
So conceited that if she ain't worth talking to then Im not speakin 

I'm so single ay lets mingle can I buy you some champagne 
And my sex game gladiator tell me are you entertained 
Im an entertainer Baby but my name aint Cedric 
I got cheddar and etcetera 
So stop the rhetoric 
But enough about me baby sweetie tell bout ya self 
Are you married or divorced dont gotta tell me thats your choice 
I like ya voice I like ya swagg 
So let nature take its course Maybe in the Future 
Gorgeous I can buy ya ass a Porche 



I think Im in love love love 
I think Im in Love Love Love 
I think im in love love love 
Love love 

She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She think she in love love love 
She fallen in love 


Dont be shy you and I 
Me and You can be as one 
I cant lie won't deny 
Everytime with you is fun 
In Dubai London Paris baby we can watch the sun 
Set and rise 
Or just lay back on the beach and watch the sky 


She's been sent to me lent to me 
I feel she is God's gift to me 
Its gucci mane on the mic' 
While Zay control the symphony 
No twistin it she swichin it but she not all promiscuous 
Its obvious she's marvelous and wants to be a part of this 
I give her 1000 percent but this that 50 50 shit 
Im wealthy and Im Healthy so cut off that boy you kickin wit 
Give her 1000 percent but this that 50 50 shit 
I'm wealthy and I'm Healthy so cut off that lame you kick it wit 




Dinner date please dont be late 
Im fiending and don't wanna wait 
Sex so hot and passionate 
It'll make her hyperventilate 
Yea Ima bachelor but Im workin my masters 
And no im not a doctor but my money 
Go way past one shes hotter than my last one 
Sexy like my last chick im checkin out her assets 
Her ex-boyfriend is past tense 
I talk to her lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Waz hannin? 
It's gucci! 
Aye keyshia 
Im feelin this girl man 
But she aint right ya kno 
What im talkin bout? 
Take one  
Oooooh  
I can do bad by myself kno 
What I mean? forreal 
Okay action goin in 


Rap game paid me lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Yeah yeah man I'ma ay!
Man I'm fin' to get up out that motherfucker
Them folk gonna let me go mayne!
Ay man that's cool that's cool man
Let me get them get them
Ay can I get them snacks man?
I'm workin more than any motherfucker in here man
Y'knahmtalkin bout man way to get back on the turf man
I feel you yeah I feel you I feel you
You deserve it mayne
Ay nigga y'all nigga all out here in the motherfucker
Ay man that's cool ay man wait can I get them shoes too?
Let me get the shoes let me get the
Oh yeah I'm gon' do what I'm gon do but
God damn whoop that {?} ass money really
I know that's right I know that's right
Send me somethin back nigga sheeit!
Send me somethin back up in this
Put somethin on my books man shit!
Oh yeah yeah nigga handle that shit
Yeah
Let me c'mon let me get them honeybuns
Watch out NIGGA get up watch out nigga
I got the honeybuns and the chips
This my nigga right here Gucci Mane
Guc' baby Guc'!
I ain't trippin I ain't trippin no
No go ahead pig out
Let me get the shit
Man I appreciate you baby lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Bobby Valentino Nicki Minaj Trina)




I wanna do you at cho momma houseon the couch
Do you in the bathroom or the air-o-plane.
Do you on a balcony in the taxi
Cause I can't get enough of that thing
Say we can do it anywhere

I wanna freak you anywhere

We can do it anywhere
Crazy places
I wanna freak you anywhere



Yo lets do it up in Disney in the magic kingdom
You can tug on my gissupes in my badgly mischka
I'm a b b b I'm a bag of fun
I'm a pro with them balls like And 1
Now lets go Mexico? thats where we next to go
Do it like his mama make him eat his vegatables
Call me a stage mom boy you best a blow
Or you can even call me wanda cuz I'm red to go
You know I'm spoiled lil daddy stomps the floor
We can do it in 5th ave in the department store
We can do it in tokyo we do it in taiwan
All my harajuku girls say I am they icon




Don't compare me to your ex mane
baby he a local joker
I'll take you to six flags
& drill you on the roller coaster
call your girlfriends over we can have a sleepover
buy yo ass a jeep so I can fuck you in the range rover
Pictures of her nude On a crusie We gone make the news
sex scrait sex tape ready for a youtube
Damn it turn me on when we do it in your mama home
Father long gone but gucci can be your daddy baby
I can fly you anywhere We can sex and crazy places
AirportTrain station going up the escalator
At the dome on the 50 I'm gon throw it you the center
When you hike it I'm a spike it
Girl dont act like u dont like it.




How bad you wanna do me on a scale of 1 to 10
You like the way I bend now you askin where I been
If I'm doing him Now you starting that again
I dont want to sex your friend He dont got enough to lend
plus he was doing Lynn and she aint nothing like amazing
Her stuff run deep and he don't have a occupation
I'm known across the nation Trina's that chick
Bow leg red bone long hair real thick
do me at my mama house nah I don't think so
I go too much class but you can try to San Pedro
I need the biggest mansion ocean back yard
with the newest Maybach lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Im jumpin out my coupe wit da missin roof and I'm so fuckin high I need a parachute.
"Gucci Mane do you remember me from last month?"
"Girl I can't remember nothin but my last blunt"
Bling blau diamond necklaces for every chain.
Bitch I'm Gucci so I put rims on bout everythang.
I used to care about money now these days I don't so if I like her enough I'll buy her everythang she want.
I got that 357 so don't try your luck.
Bullets have yo body hot you'll need a fire truck.
So re-up with us got white girl yeah that anime.
Today I'm shittin on rappers so I call em Jazze Pha. 

I'm not a boy so I can not be your boyfriend but if you want me to then I can be your Gucci Mane.
And if you're man can't beat it up then I bet Gucci can.
Just ask your lady and I bet that shes a Gucci fan.
Bought all my hoes Gucci most all my clothes Gucci this ain't no coogi you still can't move me.
And this is the soundtrack of the Gucci Mane movie gucci mane movie gucci mane movie. 

Lambo engine in the rear and I'm switchin gears.
Yall suckas can't fuck wit dis young nigga here.
Diamonds on my neck colder than a case of beer.
So when I fall off in the club all the bitches cheer.
In an '06 convertible my top can disappear.
Just bought a house in cali pool parties of the year.
Tip fade stupid ways I don't wear beer.
They say that Gucci stay fresh but dat nigga weird. 
Girl you ridin wit la flare so what you got to fear? 

I'm not a boy so I can not be your boyfriend but if you want me to then I can be your Gucci Mane.
And if you're man can't beat it up then I bet Gucci can.
Just ask your lady and I bet that shes a Gucci fan.
Bought all my hoes Gucci most all my clothes Gucci this ain't no coogi you still can't move me.
And this is the soundtrack of the Gucci Mane movie gucci mane movie gucci mane movie. 

Jazze Pha Gucci know they didn't expect this it ain't no secret run up on me you'll regret it.
Im like a ball player focused on my next hit.
And I hit homeruns I don't know how to bunt bitch.
And this that cali kush you need to pass the blunt bitch.
Im Sorry that I cuss you baby girl you're gorgeous.
Psych you're not gorgeous but your ass is enormous.
And if you never call me I'll be rich regardless.
Picture perfect flow this verse is a boy trick.
I got three matches but..... bouldercrest flash show seen greshem where I started....... 

I'm not a boy so I can not be your boyfriend but if you want me to then I can be your Gucci Mane.
And if you're man can't beat it up then I bet Gucci can.
Just ask your lady and I bet that shes a Gucci fan.
Bought all my hoes Gucci most all my clothes Gucci this ain't no coogi you still can't move me.
And this is the soundtrack of the Gucci Mane movie gucci mane movie lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Gucci scoochie
OK paper out paper out


I'm so motherfucking turned up right now 
Someone please turn Gucci Mane down 
Bricksquad thugged out we don't give a fuck 
We hit the club shoot the club tear the club up 
So you should hit the floor get low and shut up 
Hit the floor get low and shut the fuck up 
Yous a bitch yous a snitch you a motherfucking scrub 
Yous a bitch yous a snitch you a motherfucking scrub 


I pulled up in a four door Porsche set tripping
Three young dread head niggas riding with me
I don't think they like me and I don't like 'em neither
But if they move wrong I'll red up they white beater
I do it for the hood I do it like no equal
I do it for the red black yellow white people
I just bought a kay just the other day
And I don't play with grown men I don't like to play
I'm so motherfucking turned up right now
Niggas hating on me I don't give a fuck right now
Well you niggas keep on trying like the little engine that could
You think you can you think you could I think you pussies should




Call me Gucci flocka flame I then changed my name
Call me frenchie mane la flare gucc the kid -- it's all the same
I be running gunning stunting with 100 killers riding
You snitching bitching tattle telling scared to stand beside me
I just bought another house just to hold my goons
So icy entertainment boy we just like a platoon
The colors in my chain remind me of a cartoon
I'll murk your boy in March baby find that boy the June
I wish they found him August so that's like tomuch too soon
His face was swoll and puffy about the color of a prune
Bricksquad movement and no you're not a part of it
Me waka and woo juice and frenchie mane started it




Iced out bar got me balling like the lakers
Homicide around the corner where you in Jamaica
My volume on max you boys better run
Ima nigga with an attitude holding on the gun
17 niggas I left 16 hit last nigga hit the corner got his whole head split
Told you you're a goner ima leave you dead quick
I'm like asalam-aleikum left them ... prick
Wooh the kid thugged out we don't give a fuck
Let your soul meet the sole of the bottom of my chucks
Black car black tint with the big tags stay low to the floor
My midget out bag lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Its money mane n juice man n gucci mane gucci mane 


Ima keep droppin versus 
Hotta den tha hottest summa 
Eat rappers like jeffrey domer 
Dope color shanay o conner? 
Should I name another woman 
Russian like president obama 
Wannna buy two extra commas 
All my shoes are fara gomma? 
Lightning actually hittin thunda 
Even stevie wonder wonder 
Why yo girl get home on time so much I had to change my numba 
Sarcasism these bitches need to ride em while I pass em 
I wouldnt even give that bitch a orgasim 
Miraculisly my niggas stand beside not in back of me 
So disrespect my faculty how dare u have audasity 
The ?? I cash out automatically 
I spit these rhymes so radically spiratically fatality. 


I got the green drank pills blow 
Runnin round the town gettin money I suppose 

Im the gingerbread man 

I got the green drank pills blow 
I kant get up sleep jus keep knockin on my door 

Im the gingerbread man 


Gingerbread Man I got white I got white 
Trap house bunkin up all night take flight 
Droppin 10 bases? its jumpin that white? 
Trees to that paper so im something like a kite 
Loud stanky kush and it tellin me to light 
Extra loud diamonds and its lookin like a light 
Rollin stay money and my pockets just glide 
Everday diamonds kuz they dont like to hide 
Vvs light yea so you block yo eyes 
Burnt color diamonds like a sweet potato pie 
Hit ya color diamonds?? and get ratchet like a fly? 
The brick man the bread man I dont tell no lies. 


I got the green drank pills blow 
Runnin round the town gettin money I suppose 

Im the gingerbread man 

I got the green drank pills blow 
I kant get up sleep jus keep knockin on my door lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Bun B E-40 Devin the Dude)



Kush is my cologne gone on that stupid strong 
Kush is my cologne Ku-Kush is my cologne 

Got a swisher filled up with that one hitter quitter bro 
Bubba for ya troubles on the double itll get ya bro 
Pass me the d's light it up with ease in a cirle full of G's
Smokin on them trees 
Pass me a cigar and imma buss it down quick 
Pass me the purple make sure that hoe is round and think 
Break it down fill it up roll it up and light it 
And you know it's the bomb soon as it get ignited 
Pimpin I can't even fight it its callin me to smoke 
So I fire up another square and take another toke 
I be damn near goin broke 
And my girl say I'm wrong Shit but 
KUSH IS MY COLOGNE 
Im inhalin it exhaling it it makes me more intelligent 
I feel like I'm still mailin it or sellin it they smellin it 
Kush purp strong dro. What I need cologne fo? 
They tried to send me to rehab but I said: 
No No I wont go 
Damn its really loud spendin like a whole pound 
Kush cologne haze is her perfume 
Bubba kush for breakfast with my captain crunch 
I smoke ten blunts before lunch 
No that sounds like that's too much 
Im so high Im so in the sky everybody know 
Marijuana is my fragrance probably smell it on my clothes 
I smoke that bubonic sonic I've been sippin gin and tonic 
You lil boys is hooked on phonics Gucci hooked on chronic sonic

Kush is my cologne I got many fragrances 
Shit gets so expensive but I hardly have to pay for shit 
Every puff is like a squirt smell it all off in my shirt 
Coworkers give me compliments every time I go to work 
What kinda cologne you on? 
Dro is like my aftershave 
Have me feelin and smellin so good yo I don't have to bathe 
But by all means lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Hey boo whassup?
Whassup whassup
Hey y'know I'ma I gonna ask you question
What?
Don't don't fuckin lie don't fuckin lie
What? You know I don't lie to you
You fuckin Gucci Mane?
Hell motherfuckin no!!
You fuckin Gucci Mane bitch you're a fuckin liar!
Oh my God who done told you that?
You are fuckin that nigga
Motherfuckers told me you was at Greenbriar Mall
with that nigga earlier today your ass fuckin him
I'm not fuckin Gucci Mane what the fuck?
Let me tell you somethin bitch
You better stop fuckin that nigga Gucci Mane
That's my buddy I was locked up with the nigga
I was not
He got a rash on his fuckin foot bitch
Nigga you got a rash on YO' foot!!
You want that rash that nigga got on his foot?
Please nigga
Now how the fuck you gon' call this nigga Gucci Mane?
This nigga wear Prada every day
Oh hell naw
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane
You ain't gon' call me stressin me out of my head
Louis Vuitton gon' go kill that nigga man!
Oh my God
This nigga ain't no motherfuckin Gucci
I mean yeah I got his CD but I'm sayin
You fucks Gucci Mane huh? You fuckin Gucci Mane?
Y'all probably 68 you dusty bitch
Whatever nigga!
You raggedy mouf uhh chihuahua mouth bitch
Alright I am that's right I'm fuckin him
And what?
I'ma fuck... you fuckin Gucci Mane bitch!
What? Nigga what?
FUCK GUCCI! I got more than Gucci
So what? That's right you can't
I'm gonna fuckin
That's why I'm fuckin him
FUCK YOU!!!
Mm-hmm you too lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Lil Wayne Jadakiss & Birdman)



Burrr
It's young Burrr
The State vs. Radric Davis
It's still Gucci...
And we WASTED


Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it 
Livin life high everyday clique wasted 
Sippin on purple stuff rollin up stanky 
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin 
Party party party let's all get wasted 
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked 
I'm so wasted she so wasted 
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases


My alias is Gucci Mane my name is Radric Davis 
If you take the time to step infront of my shine that time is wasted 
See I don't got time to waste 'less I waste it with the crew
Yo girl drunk she dropped it low and waste Cris all over my shoes 
Back to the bass (back to back to back to)
Man I'm racist  tho I'm not my ranch caucasion
Plus my goons smoke like jamacains 
You hot but hatin on me
You sleepy Gucci ain't hot? Homeboi you trippin
Still consider coke in my car so yo kinfolks gon keep drippin
I'm movin that 'caine like I'm moving my Range
Don't soil my name just step up yo game
I'm a leave this game same way that I came
Can't waste my breath no need to explain
Baby girl I wasted it on my bracelet 
Didn't wanna walk though we maded it
This Wasted Remix with Baby Wayne and 'Kiss and I cremated it



Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it 
Livin life high everyday clique wasted 
Sippin on purple stuff rollin up stanky 
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin 
Party party party let's all get wasted 
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked 
I'm so wasted she so wasted 
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases


Rockstar lifestyle might not make it
President got him in the White House naked
Looked at the clock and it said right now
Get a pound break it down blow it like trial
Panetela dutchie wine in my tall glass
Young Money baby big shit like a horse ass
Stacks in my backpack shades on hat back
Bugatti bat black where they do that at?
South beach Miami hoe
I'm probably with Tammy To 
My life is a video and the women want that cameo
I just want them pantyhose and I'm higher than geranimo
An I got the tools tell em boys it can get mechanical


Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it 
Livin life high everyday clique wasted 
Sippin on purple stuff rollin up stanky 
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin 
Party party party let's all get wasted 
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked 
I'm so wasted she so wasted 
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases


Rockstar lifestyle might not make it 
Wasted. Just performed  
Bitches get naked off the stones in the bracelet 
Said you got coke I brought a fiend along to taste it 
Money come fast now we ain gotta chase it 
Kush got a nigga feelin like he in The Matrix
Hennessey Patron Grey Goose Aces 
Alcohol Tobacco firearm cases 
Dufflebag double up big faces 
Tony Montana shit crib spacious 
Futuristic automobiles spaceships 
Jadakiss laced it the remix Wasted


Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it 
Livin life high everyday clique wasted 
Sippin on purple stuff rollin up stanky 
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin 
Party party party let's all get wasted 
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked 
I'm so wasted she so wasted 
Tell the bartender send me 20 more cases


Big money make a pearl handle with 2 clips
Cash Money Young Money fly in new whips
All white pearl money from the earl
Poppin Don P iced out my baby girl
Catch me in the club with my mac and my strap on
Bitches high rollin white doves gettin they freak on
Get my clap on get my money on
Shinin all the time now watch me bring it home
S-s-so she love me how we do this?
Maybach lay back baby how we do this
Lauder jet G4 high to the sky bitch
Mo money than I've seen no ceilings bitch


Rockstar lifestyle might don't make it 
Livin life high everyday clique wasted 
Sippin on purple stuff rollin up stanky 
Wake up in the morning 10 o'clock drankin 
Party party party let's all get wasted 
Shake it for me baby girl do it butt naked 
I'm so wasted lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Yea motherfucker we got big cat in this
Motherfucker la flare nigga Gucci Mane
The motherfuckin' gotto nigga it's a wrap
Then the whole industry we got
This shit in the fuckin' head lock

Yeah Gucci we fuckin' this niggas up

Cat we doin' more than fuckin' this niggas up
We fuckin' this niggas hoes we got
More ice than this niggas we got mo money than this
Niggas we independent we making major
Niggas tuck they chain in ha ha ha

I love it make this fuck niggas
Tuck they chain in Gucci
You know how we do lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










I'm obnoxious
I'm flowing crazy I need to stop this
don't knock this
you nigga's lazy yall need to watch this
Preposterous
if you can fathem how you can block this
my phantom was seen on candler
you ride the transit
no options you niggas can't act like yall forgot this I'm tired 
but switch ya flow up it's so monotonous it's my metropolis 
I'll drop a 12 on ya so colossus! 
My swag plus my drop top yellow jag why they gossip 
I'm the nigga upload your twitter bitch I'm the topic 
profess it but 
gucci didn't graduate from college 
your girlfriend say's my ear rings are erotic 
my lambo doors open upward they're robotic it's gucci


Gorilla goons with the tool down to act a fool
birds in the living room it's like atlanta zoo
Lions tigers minks crocs and gators for my shoes
monkey nigga's in my hood I'm living in the zoo
birds in the living room and the kitchen too
im a tiger in the bedroom ask your baby boo
I got lions tigers bears in my hood and closet too 
But my gun can stop an elephant just like atlanta zoo 


Drop beam 
Off set things color ice cream 
white dreams 
she can fuck me that's a pipe dream 
S-O poppin x-pills so exciting 
my ex chick n ex homeboy uninvited cases of ace of spade bitch getcha wasted 
the waitress I made her reloaded like the matrix 
I lean laid with a bad bitch black n asian
On 20 headed to buckhead I'm racing baby
but take that fake jewelery off that shit is fugasey
You think that you're hotter than the kid youre mistaken 
real n you nigga's really really good at faken 
So trill I'ma keep it real I'm back to the basics


Gorilla goons with the tool down to act a fool
birds in the living room it's like atlanta zoo
Lions tigers minks crocs and gators for my shoes
monkey niggas in my hood I'm living in the zoo
birds in the living room and the kitchen too
im a tiger in the bedroom ask your baby boo
I got lions tigers bears in my hood and closet too 
But my gun can stop an elephant just like atlanta zoo 


Heads up
my partner stashin bricks up on his roof top
Whole key half a key quarter key 
gucci got more quarters than a motherfuckin juke box
Pop-pop hear the glock cock 
And I gotta Colt 45 like Billy D 
semi automatic that I keep up in the attic in shank that shape like tennessee 
I cut ya
I cut ya til the white meat 
And my partner pushin more crack than a bike seat 
I smoke the best I get my dro from california
get high n go to sleep you couldn't wake me from a coma
I might wake up if these rappers got beef I smell the aroma
but these nigga'z aint got no heart not even if they had a doner 
I roam the streets so who the fuck is YOU
southside collipark king of the jungle my name is ludacris living in atlanta zoo


Gorilla goons with the tool down to act a fool
birds in the living room it's like atlanta zoo
Lions tigers minks crocs and gators for my shoes
monkey nigga's in my hood I'm living in the zoo
birds in the living room and the kitchen too
I'm a tiger in the bedroom ask your baby boo
I got lions tigers lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I pull up in that Spyder strapped up like McGyver
Should have brought my Phantom na but I'm mad at my driver
Pull up in that Spyder strapped up like McGyver
Should have brought my Phantom na but I'm mad at my

I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I pull up in that Spyder strapped up like McGyver
Should have brought my Phantom na but I'm mad at my driver
He so fuckin' turned up ridin' on auto pilot smokin' kush and smilin'
He drinkin' while he drivin'

Gucci please excuse me hu all my goons got jewelry on 'em
All my niggas booked up paper they get it on their own
I don't think you know me homie I suggest you leave me alone
I got so much jewelry on that I think I need a clone

I pull up to the traffic light icy as a blood light
Shinin' like a flash light I might damage ya eye sight
Gucci got that real ice don't it look real nice
I don't want your girlfriend homie but my bitch might

I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

Shops at the Chanel shop that's how she shop
500 for the flip flops 'cause they ain't Reebok
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots
Gotta spot in the hood no sofa just pot

I'm hot so hot stand next get shocked
I got Caucasian neighbors that's just how I rock
If you talkin' to me all the questions that I wanna know
If she ain't got no money know you gotta have some dough

Then she ask me for a drank so I bought a bottle
She was flexin' really hard now she flexin' harder
You a bitch one more bitch I only fuck with starters
So if you ain't a dime piece ain't no need to bother

I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I want the money I smell like a pocket full of hundreds
A whole bag full of kush I been buckin' since a youngin'
I know you need a man right now because you strugglin'
So if he isn't helpin' then there's no need for discussion

In Houston Texas I can spend fifty thousand on a Monday
I got fifty woman with me fifty more that ain't comin'
My pocket do the conversation make all the decisions
I only fuck with bad bitches 'cause I'm very picky

He can't buy a drink so he don't deserve ya digits
I'm polar bear laflare wrist and ear is very frigid
My charm big as a midget I give yo' ass the business
So if you got yo' swag right you know that you can get it

I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block with the very large knots

I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block block
I'm the boy from the block boy from the block lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I am barsick proceed with caution cause I be flaucin' I didn't do that feature with you cause you not important
Major coorporation I am the most wanted person? while you niggas getting extored I ride by fast put on the gas don't make me li-zate these brizacks stashed in my jizeans look likes some thighpads it's funny just like a dimad without no eyelash I have yo car I fuck with his O's fuck with my kizad. Run up on me son you'll run up on the wrong one keep a shooter with a gun to empty the whole? my niggas rushing at you like a cornerback blitz nigga that's what you get for talking at that shit Gucci.


Well Gucci like to drank Gucci like to smoke well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke 
Well Gucci like to drank Gucci like to smoke well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke well Gucci Mane's a G tell me something I don't know.


Word to the wise Gucci Mane's a wise guy the? shoot you 25 times my session yesterday recorded 25 lines haters fuck with other niggas shit but they don't fuck with mine. You a lie low down freakin' lie that is not the truth boy you know I keep it trill and real in and out the booth on that Goose and Cranberry Juice droptop that Cranberry Coupe' Gucci is alotta things but fasho' I'm not scared of you swaggerific catastrophic tatted down them niggas get it but stop with all of that bullshitin' you know you ain't fucking with me deeper than just rappin' yo bitch diggin' me she bought a shovel yo boyfriends the basement I'm the roof we on two different levels


Well Gucci like to drank Gucci like to smoke well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke 
Well Gucci like to drank Gucci like to smoke well Gucci on the rise while you niggas going broke well Gucci Mane's a G lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Errybody lookin

Lambo's get the bitches

Stove make the cookies

Hurtin these suckas feelings


YO YO YO come check this crazy flow
I gotta go and do this show
Just where is tokio?
YO YO damn bricksquad be burnin dro
Drink bur man and whitefolk wit me I got cash to blow
YO YO your nose gon grow
Just like pinochio your lying that your hot as me but that is not the truth.
oh no my left right wrist is truly extra cold.
My flow sick need them extra o's
I need an extra stove
So so I'm so icy my squad run in snow
You know it and you knew before so much dough 
I shut down the store
Hoes hoes I birdfeed these bitches like they like were crows
I pull the totum pole out and leave them bitches swole


Errybody lookin

Lambo's get the bitches

Stove make the cookies

Hurtin these suckas feelings


Space age what you though? what you think i say?
I make money different ways give banks through the day.
Hey hey damn I paved my way I payed my way I used to sell alot of yay I moved a key a day.
Wait wait way way way way back in the day I ran the A me an my who 2 shotguns
and a k now I'm gettin that stupid cake I'll put you to sleep like change the slate.
Then throw big faces friday in your face right in front the place.
One day you might get some money maybe 12 bars if you pay me scuse me girl you want some babys?
Gucci you can't have my babys one day I'mma go to magic city
see some ass titties scur some shrim and sip some liquer all these bitches fuckin with me.


errybody lookin

lambo's get the bitches

stove make the cookies

hurtin these suckas feelings


Goddamn Gucci Mane just bought another lamb
chevy with the crazy cam I pull over with that stoopid slam.
Yeaa plus I got all this jewelry on flexin like I'm serious jones bubba kush still my cologne.
Word up? Bricksquad put your birds up.
You aint never heard nothing if you never heard of us.
Blood cuz run to you you can't rep no mo lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Rocko OJ Da Juiceman Waka Flocka Shawty Lo Yo Gotti & Nicki Minaj)




Coca coca coca cola

Yulla yulla baking soda  boila boila boilin water  snorta snorta make an offer

Mi casa su casa partna

Retail shops and beauty parlors
To 
Mi casa su casa partna

Retail shops and beauty parlors
To 


Mi casa su casa partna
Mi casa so full of rahstas
More ganja then reefer farmers
You can see me with binoculars
White girl with me cindy lauper
Multi deep like frank sanotra
Gave 10 birds to waka flocka
Told him drop em more den floza
Whoozy like the morning after try me then yo skull get fractured
Ransom yo lil hansom son
So sad yo that first daughter captured
Gucci hot as boiling water
My pack just came cross the border
Yo girlfriends a major snoter
But dat bitch ain't worth a quarter
Don't give that anotha thoughta
If you serve me and you shorta
Once a half a eigth a quarter
Send my goons to do the slaughter
Hustle hard got from my father
Take no shit got from my mother
Never snitched and never will
I put dat on my baby brother


Coca coca coca cola

Yulla yulla baking soda  boila boila boilin water  snorta lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Ay what it do daddy?
Honey girl Queen Bee Lil' Kim
Ay cut that new Gucci Mane mixtape
Burrrprint HD baby
Understand me? That joint G'D up
Just like my Gucci bag! 
So I guess that make me Gucci girl
Yeah lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Baby you dont have to treat me all anti
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie girl you're hotter than a campfire
We can stay up all night like vampires
Compliment each other like burgers and french fries
In the last minute I done thought about you 10 times
Fine on the out but she pretty on the inside
And every since she left its like my heart died

Baby I think you can bring out Gucci's other side
She said how you dont you trust me you did a homicide
Then said I got a boyfriend who I can't put aside
Even though the grass so much greener on the other side
And every man like what he can't have
It's funny but I came at
Baby girl so bad dis me but I aint mad
Now you wanna tease me
You should wanna squeeze me
Homie aint the kid baby he could never be me

How you wanna go and act anti-social
Bet your man dont know you like I know you soldier
Maybe one day babe you gon get your mind right
And if you looking for me you can find me in the lam


Baby you dont have to treat me all anti 
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie girl you're hotter than a campfire 
We can stay up all night like vampires
Compliment each other like burgers and french fries
In the last minute I done thought about you 10 times
Fine on the out but she pretty on the inside 
And every since she left its like my heart died

Oh Damn
Once upon a time a long time ago
I had a bitch but she felt she had to let me go
Called me out coz she cant buy cheap shit
Yeah you got talent but I'm a bad bitch
Now when I see her shorty whole swag switched
I walk right by her like she don't exist
Her car broke down and it can't get fixed
Her swag broke down and her bag counterfeit
Oh Damn!
Dats not Gucci baby that's floochy
Remember 2000 you was acting all boozie
9 years later and you're best friend choosie 
I scooped her in my phantom and I took her to the movies 
Damn

Gucci dont gotta act anti
Told her she can have me when she want
Thats when she fantasized that I can't talk to her coz I got that man pride
Ever since I left baby girl told me her heart died 


Baby you dont have to treat me all anti 
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie girl you're hotter than a campfire 
We can stay up all night like vampires
Compliment each other like burgers and french fries
In the last minute I done thought about you 10 times
Fine on the out but she pretty on the inside 
And every since she left its like my heart died
Oh Damn!


Excuse me if I sound a little crazy
But just wanna be good to my baby
Coz he been holding me down
He give me everything I don't need no one around
But you're saying you can give it to me better
Give me hot like it's July and I'm rockin' a sweater
Just for hitting the road
Would you women let go
Say you got 20/20
Her man's 2004
Maybe I'll give you a try
And keep it low
You ride
Something like a test drive
See baby I get so in time



Baby you dont have to treat me all anti 
Why you wanna put me on standby
I can't lie lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Bitch
Multiply Divide me Then add on the remainder
I push more weight then a personal trainer
I get my gucci duffle bag and my hat off the shelf
I'm a stylelist of a star cause I style myself
And I'm dancin with the stars dancin by myself
I was lost so I had to go an find myself
You can take all my well check's Leave my health
Cause I cant count all this money think I need some help
It's the franchise of zone 6 no jazze cheif
I got drumma boy on the track so don't hold your breathe
I'm so icy but my flow will make the soldiers melt
I sewed the game up like my granny sewed a quilt
                                              Gucci
Make a billion dollars what I'm tryna do
Gucci Mane La Flare I'm so tired of you
And if I had the time I would be sleepin too
But I'm workin these streets like a prostitute
They tell me rest up I say I leave the rest for you
Cause right now I'm chasin check's like a lawyer do
So don't bother me and I wont have to bother you
I'm just out here chasin cash like a monster fool

I got money on my mind like its changin my brain
And in the drought water spout gucci brings the rain
Aka the candy the candy cain ain't proud of the fact I sold everything
And I done did all the drugs but guess what gucci mane can sell out a club
An next guess ima have a major buzz
I'm so international I get london love

I'm no amateur my money skretches way past the perimeter
So hot I brake thermometer my cash goes 3 kilometer's
In front of you is a conqueror please don't sit on my furniture
My niggas stand right beside me but your niggas up unda you

Make a billion dollars what I'm tryna do
Gucci Mane La Flare I'm so tired of you
And if I had the time I would be sleepin too
But I'm workin these streets like a prostitute
They tell me rest up I say I leave the rest for you
Cause right now I'm chasin check's like a lawyer do
So don't bother me and I wont have to bother you
I'm just out here chasin cash like a monster fool

I know your life's borin you mad that I'm tourin
I'm in the studio until its 9 in the mornin
And I'm not even tired look I'm not yawning
I'm headed to the airport I got a performance
I'm hot and your not but shawty your warmin
So watch out for these haters lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Bun B lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Hit the mall spend 30 like the shit normal
Me and my broad nothing but gucci louis ferragamo
Drop racks get it back
Call the shit karma
Fuckin models when I want
All your hoes normal
Blowing kush
What your smokin smellin really normal
Ask me if I wanna hit it
I don't really wanna
Pulled up old school paint willy wonka
Cuts all white but the rims abnormal
Backseat on my rolls in my silk pajamas
Hoppin out in house shoes like the shit normal
Change my jewelery every day cuz it the summer
If yo bitch want my number
Chill it's really normal


Abnormal nothing that I do is normal
Ice game dumb dumb now it's even dumber
You normal
I'm so cold I need a thermal
Drumma boy track
Drumma this another comma
It's my summer
She think her ass is far from normal
It's no wonder her boyfriend keep a stupid number
My summer she think her ass is far from normal
No wonder her boyfriend get that stupid llama

He pull up in a honda
tThat's normal
I pull up in a zonda same color lasagna
My goons'll put you under
Confront us
Got guns like super contra
Stay armored
You bought your girl some 
Don't want 'em
My girl got on piranhas
That's abnormal
My bracelet cost a honda
That's abnormal
We'll rob you where I come from
That's a promise
She's a snake charmer
Anaconda
Real man eat her
Like jeffrey dahlmer
I can't stand people mad cuz
Their lives are normal
I got long money bitch
Put it on my momma


Abnormal nothing that I do is normal
Ice game dumb dumb now it's even dumber
You normal
I'm so cold I need a thermal
Drumma boy track
Drumma this another comma
It's my summer
She think her ass is far from normal
It's no wonder her boyfriend keep a stupid number
My summer she think her ass is far from normal
No wonder her boyfriend get that stupid llama

Bad bitches be stuntin me
They all wanna fuck they warnin me
So I told her to kiss her homegirl
She said 
Shit I don't do shit the normal way
Gotta fuck with me the enormous way
Back in the day humongous yay
I don't do that front shit normally
Me and flocka rockin iced out ornaments
Make a hit then start performin it
Got a club funked out like parliament
Brick squad we ain't with all the normal shit
She a dime piece but you a normal bitch
Real ?? max girl can't work the stick
Won't touch the girl nor hit the girl
She's just a normal ass chick in a normal world
It's gucci baby you a gucci girl
Het a one way ticket to gucci's world
Where night time it even gets warmer baby
Don't fuck with him he too normal baby
It's gucci baby you a gucci lady
Pull my dick out make you say 
Night time it even gets warmer baby
Don't fuck with him he too normal baby


Abnormal nothing that I do is normal
Ice game dumb dumb now it's even dumber
You normal
I'm so cold I need a thermal
Drumma boy track
Drumma this another comma
It's my summer
She think her ass is far from normal
It's no wonder her boyfriend keep a stupid number
My summer lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










My trap house chill like Morehouse I got niggas all around it
But yo trap like a whore house probly in there cooking brownies
Spell me spell me ain't nothing you can tell them
My goons all trained to go but you squad more pussy then Spellman
We stomp you like the Q-Dogs aka Alpha Kappa
Gambling with a poolshark find your body after later
College campus kush pack three blunts make the party start
Don't make me start burning kush then start burning your body parts
Zone 6 still ma I'm a model I'm valedictorian
Girl just broke up with me say I fucked the whole sorority
Retarted all the time I was bumpin' and choppin' authority
Tell it to my nine 'cause you bitch niggas be boring me


He's got made for teenagers scary you can't join
But if you have the heart we can link up and have fun
They drink up all of the fuck if the lockers were made of bud
'Cause these cowards die as a thousand and soldiers they die as one
You know it's what these bitches in Atlanta keep goin'
Don't keep up the security we see 'em we keep blowin'
No glory for the team with scarce money and no guns
'Cause a coward die as a thousand and soldiers they die as one


I empty out the clip believe me that's not a myth
I murk you on the scrifin' one question I plead the fifth
Your kush pack and my cocaine whiter than Taylor swift
And they tailor make my bread and dine collar costs me a grip
I'm cleaner than a whistle black diamonds matchin' my pistols
So beefin' with me nigga best keep yo head on a swivel
Quarter ticket every week and you dig it that's how I kick it
So you can leave the money and you can have all the bitches
Pardon my apology rappers these days not as hard as me
Avoiding me that's obviously cause they know they just frosted me
I brought to me you softer than Charmin and that's not hard to see
I own the street every beat that I spit on my fans applauded me




I'm back in the Maybach I'm blowin Kush in the back
Eight thousand dollars for the set lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









They overdosing on my swag put the whole goddamn hood in rehab
Too many ruffles in my duffle can't close this bag it's so much cash
I need ten hands now to count my stash
LL Cool Gucci Mane I'm bad
Never need a mask better check my stash you must be hallu-ci-na-tin'
First day out girl ain't you glad six supermodels crashing at my pad
I should be a model drinkin' outta gold bottle with some true religions jeans saggin'
off my ass
Please don't crash am I goin' too fast touchdown anywhere I don't need no pass
Might need some gum 'cause I'm fixin' to talk trash 'cause I keep 'em on task like a kid in class
Hater can't hit what a hater can't see
I told you forty haters sure can't see me
Wouldn't know what hit if I hit 'em in the head with a four by four standin' six foot three
Ready for my bitch crocodile the sheet
Never met a girl ain't fuck first week
You never met a G throw a $10000 white mink on the floor live on B.E.T.


Only got one life I can live
There's only so much game I can give
So you can watch the show chillin' at your crib
And please turn the music up so I can jam
But I be smokin' 'dro
I'ma fuck some hoes
I'm about a day wake up and then go buy some more
They tell a grown man what to do with his
Is your prerogative I'ma mind my biz
But I'ma live a life
Forever rockin' ice
Throwin' money poppin' bottles because that's just what I like
But I'ma live a life
Forever rockin' ice
Throwin' money poppin' bottles because that's just what I like
That's just what I like


Screamin' I'mma Be like The Black Eyed Peas
I wanna be free and you wanna be me
Best be ease if you really want breeze I'll fly you by the trees lookin' like swiss cheese
Just came home ain't thinkin' bout sleep
Bet yo favorite rapper ain't slept in weeks
Thinkin' bout me like a down street noise over soon as the leather feet touch concrete
When I'm south-beach blowin' on tree
Whippin' down the street like I'm ridin' on D's
A new Ferrari flyin' down B street girl like roll your window down Gucci Mane please May 12 lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Jacuzzi on the roof ugly hoes dont keep the time of day
cheefin on some teefa smell the reefa from a mile away
pistol in my coop try my troops you'll get blown away
Gucci Mane got long money bitch thats all I got to say

Gucci mane got long thats wht them bitches say 
I don't even gotta talk my money conversate

Intresting got a money tree I drown a bitch in money farrari with the boam beats
forgiatos and a bunyon. 
I think about 200 plus I hit the club with 50k lets keep this shit 100
got a couple housesseveral spouses in my pin house smoking ounces
came up selln keys and ounces half a pound whit gold and brown
my pants sagging grams were them down use to catch a train and go downtown
use to walk around and window shop now I shut the mall down everytime 
Everytime I hit the seen fresher than I want to be
cover of the magazine back of the limozine
 stacks in my denim jeans hoes gonna remember
458 ship me to facility  6 12's sittn outside the vacility
911 Gucci Mane ice game killn me came a long way from drug dealing waking up rich is a great feeling
couple missed steps from a grand children just hand counted me a cool half million up on them
pull up on them like a bird drop a load and shit on them
piss on them spit on them tell them hatersd gucci got rich on them.


Jacuzzi on the roof ugly hoes dont keep the time of day
cheeefin on some teefa smell the reefa from a mile away
pistol in my coop try my troops you'll get blown away
Gucci Mane got long money bitch that's all I got to say

Gucci Mane got long money thats what them bitches say 
I don't even gotta talk my money converste.

Pitty I make magic I make money dissappear
Its a tragity how clear this diamonds blinging in my ear lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Its Gucci!...Bricksquad...Go Hard In Da Paint Man...King Of Diamonds...Khaled!..M.I.A...East Atlanta...Riverdale...Queens...Ohkay...Flocka!...


Flocka!...Flocka!..BRICKSQUAAAAADDDDD Pow Pow Pow Pow... 

I Woke Up Dis Mornin Bussed Down A Swisha 
Looked In Da Mirror Like Im One Rich Ass Nigga 
Brush My Teeth Wit Hundreds Whipe My Ass Wit Dese Fifties 
All About Da Benji's Competition Cant Fuck Wit Me  
Know Dese Niggas Envy Green Bottle Remy 50 In My Semi 
Waka Flocka Flame...Im Not Friendly 
Im So Muthafuckin Neighborhood Lets Get Dat Understood 
Im Not Crossin Ova ... Dis Aint B-Ball 
Got Potnas Behind Da G-Wall 30 For A Murda Dawg 
So I Gotta Get It All I Pull Up In A 2 Door 
Same Color As Some Puddin... 
Goddamn Dat Car Good Lookin...Driver Good Lookin 
Goddamn Dem Rims Good Lookin... 


I Know You Fuck Niggas Dont Like Us But We Dont Give A Fuck 
Copy-Catters Bite Us... Dey Swag Suck 
Know You Bitch Niggas Gone Hate My Guts...Bite Me 
If You Think I Do Re-Write Me Dey Say Dat Imitation Flattery So Bite Me 
I Put Da Tre-8 In Ya Mouth I Make Ya Like It... 
Dey Say Dat Mimicking Is Flattery So Bite Me 
I Put Dat AK In Yo Face & I Make Ya Like Me... 


No Chit Chat Hit Me Back 
Gucci Did Dis Gucci Mane Did Dat 
If I Did Dis And I Didnt Do Dat Why'd I Do Dat Why'd I Do Dat? 
Put A Lil Dis Wit A Lil Dat 
But Aint Nuttin Lil Bout Dat Dere Cat 
Triple Balck Back To Back 
By Myself Still Back To Back 
Call Me Sacks Cuz I Got Dem Racks 
Got Dem Green Bags Duffle Bags Cant Hold Cash 
CEO Labled As And It Cost A Price Tag But It Make Me Glad 
Im So Jazz Im So Class 
I Dont Need No Bronco To Make Mad 
Bitch Aint Bad 
Watch Em Chest N Da Mouth Like A Man Got Mo Bags in His Stash 
Oh My Goodness She Sittin In Puddin Feel Like She Shouldnt 
Why She Shouldnt Why Mess Wit Hundreds Ride Round In Bentleys 
I Know Da Average Block Was Poppalin... Dont Like Me Cuz Im Fuckin ICEY... 


I Know You Fuck Niggas Dont Like Us But We Dont Give A Fuck 
Copy-Catters Bite Us... Dey Swag Suck 
Know You Bitch Niggas Gone Hate My Guts...Bite Me 
If You Think I Do Re-Write Me lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Blanco lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires
Now shawty stay up all night
Try to build an empire.
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire
Pull up in the club got a dub .of da brick fare.?


Vampire onstage black shades
Vampire vampire black fur red floor lamper?
I put my left foot first then I make them say burrrr she's a vampire.
Yousa tramp signer yousa cent for a pimp you been temp loser
I'm a vamp hit the hamp cop a dub hit the club glue em on tight hold em right
I'ma thug bitches love she's a vampire she's a cum finder
Every mamma in the hood wanna get behind her
She's so fine she's so white think I wanna sign her
She ain't gotta sneak around she'll shop and smoke purp 
I'm a vamp hit the cris cop a ??


Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires.
Shawty stay up all night try to build an empire
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire pull up to the club got a dub ? brick fare 
Rims cost brick fare chicks cost zip fare mr. zone 6
Pretty bitches commin wit flare vampire vampire
Club full of vampires vampire vampire suck me like a vampire


Gucci do me throw me in the movie when you see me you salute true blood ooooh eeee.
Soowoo suck 'em like a leech make em chew me if it ain't about the money ain't no talkin to me.
Giddy up horsey panorama porsey I am not remorsey I eat a dinner corsey
No he fuckin wit the right bitch tight griss?? soft lips
?? lights all them vinnegar chips my night shift the only bad bitch
Sting like a cactus these hoes is actess I'm marry magdilan
Ya I'm body baggin no more relaxin I'm biten necks full moon eclipse.


Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires.
Shawty stay up all night try to build an empire
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire pull up to the club got a dub ? brick fare.? 
Rims cost brick fare chicks  cost zip fare mr. zone 6
Pretty bitches commin wit flare vampire vampire
Club full of vampires vampire vampire suck me like a vampire


Stept aside in my vampire ride
Its a yellow lam tam steerin wheele on otha side she called me ten times
Need to let that shit ride if her old man catch her man I let that bitch slide.
... my hood to 6 headin up to west side vampires outside they be trappin all night
?? swissa's itsa wrap itsa wrap


I am just anotha nigga from the trap wit a scrap on my lap just incase dirty rats
Filthy pigs stupid fuck yousa vampire tell these snitches to suck it
Tryina suck up information probably work for tha force
Where you at filthy pig I'm not a duck stupid fuck.


Do you believe in vampires?
I believe in vampires.
Shawty stay up all night
Try to build an empire
Black Ferrari is a vampire campfire pull up to the club got a dub moving brick fare 
Rims cost brick fare chicks cost zip fare Mr. Zone 6
Pretty bitches commin wit flare
Vampire vampire club full of vampires vampire vampire suck me like a vampire

Its gucci lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I need everybody to report to tha dance floor right now
Tha world is very different now you know why ITS GUCCI TIME

Big Gucci
Trap boys call me Brick Gucci 
Dime piece time piece got my Swiss movin
Swiss cheese out a hata if he act foolish
Swizz Beats Gucci Mane call it trap music 
I think I need an ESPY the rappers best respect me 
They try to ron Artest me the gone have to arrest me 
With a doubt I bring em out 
The kid is all she think about 
She cheated wit la flare but he didn't spill a drink about her
Do you know what time it is 
Gucci time 
15 for every diamond bitch 
I'm hood rich wealthy and all that there 
All time  have no idea 


Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on 

Its gucci time!
Came in drankin rollin up stankin white boy wasted frat house wasted 
Amazin like my bracelet I'm flossin r.i.p the mike the ice got my chest moon walkin 
Cabbage patchin bouncin like bankin
Pull up in the drop top ferrari on bank head 
Colder than a polar bear sleepin in the freezer
She wish she never met me wanna catch amnesia 
Gucci mane crazy I mite pull up on a zebra
Land on top a eagle smoke a joint of reefa
Standin on the sofa spillin liquor on the speaker 
Call the paralegal cuz this shit should be illegal


Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on

Its gucci time!
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
A 100k on the wrist band aint nothin
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
You aint sayin nothin lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










1-2 1-2 1-2 burrr burrr
This is special GUCCCI
Its Gucci thats what you mean huh..righht? right..
Ladies and gentleman showtime


My pocket on swole my rims on chrome
When I hit the club everything goes
Bottles in the air put your lighters in the air
But when I'm in here I dont really care
Cuz I ride on em I style on em
I lean on em yes I flash on em
Yeh I know thats the way you like it huh yeh
Thats the way you love me huh? Its alive..its alive


It's alive it's alive
Rims cut the eyes
I had to bring the bitch back like Frankenstein
I push weight but Gucci don't exercise
I get extra from whippin up extra pies
Im in the hood like the mayor round election time
It's a suggestion don't park your car next to mine
Ima start when the light hit Im 'posed to shine
Your flow is garbage they let me out just in time
They got a section but none of the hoes are fine
They need to exit don't let the grind pass you by
I run laps around lames with my shoes untied
I jump the line walk in and watch the crowd divide
Still stuck outside that's the ugly side
Looked medusa in the eye and medusa died
This is top secret shit classified
Don't blame me Swizz was the mastermind
Can't breathe can't breathe Toni Braxton time
I got my chain moonwalkin Michael Jackson time
I keep on buying ice like I lost my mind
This bloodline of mine is supposed to shine




Hurry up hurry up Gucci on the news they say he walked out the jail rockin stupid jewels
They try and find out what it do admit it you confused
Too much cash on me hundreds fallin out me true
Big yellow wrists bright as piss bitch Im the shit
Big Gucci called Swizz lets make a hit
2 things in this world I ain't ever seen
Are you a foreigner nigga? I need to help me get me me
Well if your stomach cannot tote it baby let me breathe
Cuz I dont check if no babe or bitch chasin me
Excuse my French bitch Im so Gucci I so fuckin gutter
It dont make no sense to switch for none these mother fuckas




Somebody said my life is it
I said nah dog my wife is it
Now I'm back back on 'em like I never never left
Plus the boy right here I'm fresh to death
And the Black Card in my back pocket
The Conaseg lookin' like a speeder rocket
Yeah I'm zoomin' on the highway
And you should love me lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










OKAY!
Fuck it I don't care.
The Appeal!
When I fucking came to this fucking country
All I had was a dollar and a dream.


We need more Ros My bitches gettin' thristy 
My words like New Years Christmas came early 
Got these bitches urling my earring's perfect 
My left pinkey finger rolling like George Gervin 
My name ain't Ervin but call me Magic.
Abra Cadabra top off the Phathom 
458 Italia first in the states out of town plates just to make it look great.
I need a haircut plus a carwash.
I get out the car and they take their bra's off.
See I fought the law and the fuckin law won 
Came back on Appeal wanna new outcome 
Overload your eardrumbs hear it hear it come! 
Income Income go and get you sum.
Say bye to the Bad guy Wave bye to the Bad guy Gucci Mane the bad guy.
Yes I am the Bad guy Wave bye to the Bad guy.


I came to this country with a dollar and a dream and a choppa and a team full of killas what you mean?
Imma bad guy bad guy from start til the end
Say hello to my little friend
I couldve been a doctor shouldve been a lawyer
I go to court so much I couldve been my own employer
Imma die a dope boy always been a hustla 
Started off custom now I 


.......




I got 60 racks laying on the floor in magic city
Like Samuel L Jackson I think it's time for killing
I touched his wife titty and the nigga start tripping
That ain't proper etiquette you see the bitch stripping

AR-15 whipped his ass into pieces
Don't get it twisted think it's all about the pieces
And all about the bracelets 
I'm still fighting cases 
10 thousand for the glasses 
Diamonds in they faces (BuRR BuRR)

Your own blood taste it 
We stomp you till you tasteless
My t-shirt ain't tailored... 

You read what is said - bitch
Brick squad bossman off with you head - bitch
Run for the exit 

They shooting inside here
Parking lot gun fight bodies outside here
Police best bet come with the riot gear
Soldiers down to die here

Move to America 
Dollar and a dream and a donor picture lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Wife beater yellow diamonds lookin pretty 
Your chick took a look now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing it get missing it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back girl lets get missing. 


?? filled the wrong prescription I'm lifted I'm gifted 
the hood cant get enough they addicted 
My pinky cost a 50 plus a 50 50 at 100 quarter ticket 
She miss me she wish she didn't get so damn addicted 
afflicted she don't wanna be a statistic 
first round pick she a bad bitch a bad bitch 
lookin at me lookin at her damn she a draft pick 
elaborate photographic gots to have it 
my Georgia dick'll have her happy drizzy getting married 
riding through zone six Atlanta in a carriage 
white house with white girls and they dancing nasty 
redbones two redbones and they tatted 
plug talking Spanish like Scarface and Manny 
Ten birds ten whole thangs in the pantry 
just hit just right she forgot the panties. 
ITS GUCCI.!!!! 


Wife beater yellow diamonds lookin pretty 
Your chick took a look now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing it get missing it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back girl lets get missing. 


You think that I'm a sweet lick boy you trippin 
that's a dummy mission end up missin. 
face on a milkcart do you feel me? 
200 in the AR bullets flippin. 
I ain't gotta talk say a word they just blitzin 
I ain't gotta rap I got more raps than ?? 
stacks in my pocket everyone that's a million 
60 grand rubber band that's how I'm livin 
I got to much true religion like I'm ?? 
I'm stocked up on niggas its some denims on clearance 
gwapped up get eighty and appearance hate a pretty lady she can get it 
we can get a bite to eat lets get missing my Ferrari's a site to see half a million 
freshest nigga you done seen in a minute ?? everyday I handle business 


Wife beater yellow diamonds lookin pretty 
Your chick took a look now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing it get missing it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back girl lets get missing. 


This is the life fa lu lu lu 
I'm poppin bottles me and my entourage 
pull up in phantoms raris lambs and vettes forgiatos shine to D.U.B's ?? 
ain't no scary money plenty money girl we rich
100 bottles 50 deep tell your girls you with 
they can kick it with some gangstas smokin bud and shit
they like boy you to damn icey for this club ya diggg 
??
I'm with my boy Gucci Mane brick squad that is
all the girls think that I'm to cool for this club ya digg 


Wife beater yellow diamonds lookin pretty 
Your chick took a look now she hooked shawty with it. 
Ferrari with the yellow forgiatos Gucci trippin. 
I hit the button in my Scaglietti and get missing. 
Girlfriend missing now you feel me? 
458 paper tag it get missing it get missing it get missing. 
I hit the thrax pass it back lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Listen to the track bitch

Burr burr burr

I'm in the zone they keep on gettin offended
But ain't did nothing wrong but tightened up all my business
And now I'm making millions everybody's social
They really too emotional I don't have time to hold them
I wanna be a billionaire me too
So I can count a billion cash in hundreds on you too
I get dirty money bitches know with ciroc on my rada
I'm on stage with diddy nicki ricky rozay and flo rida
I rock maris with the money ball like stoudemire omare
Hold the blunt with my left hand to show my audemar in paris
Look at all that I've accomplished I just bought me 3 ferraris
Spent five million in my company if offended you not sorry...GUCCI


What it gonna be
What it ain't gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Got some killa and some gats and money
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Gotta die on my life as what its gonna be be

Ima street magician and I keep on taking pretty girls to lenox
New mustang with 80 in it watch her spend all 80 in 80 minutes
Sacks are full real true religion I bought a car so sharp it makes the feds suspicious
See I'm too flamboyant they say its malnutrious I'm in a rare edition think I'm a mathematician
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me too many stacks on me too many racks on me 
Gotta die on my life as whats it gonna be whatcha gonna do gucci mane gonna lead
Still poppin bottles pouring liquor on chicks no need to lie I'm such a freak 
No need to hide you so unique
Imma try beat your back out until you weep
Said you ran outta money theres more for me heres more for you cause you a whore for me
Dont be a hoe for free cause we can ball right now we can do it 2 3 4 times a week
From zone 6 down to Camelton I pull up in that yellow thing I put rims on everything
Hoes think I gotta wedding ring

What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me

Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Got some killa and some gats and money
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Too many chains on me too many rings on me
Baby dancin on me diamonds dancing on me
Tell my watch and my rocks not to freeze
What it gonna be
What it aint gonna be
Dare anybody here to put their hands on me
Too many stacks on me so many racks on me 
Gotta die on my life as what its gonna be be

Come in to leave throwin money high dont care where it reach
Spend 2 g's a week on haircuts like 456 sometimes a week
These girls petrified they scared to speak
Im in the new GT with a georgia peach
Gotta condo right out on the florida beach
I aint hard to reach so nice to meet
Every night we meet you prolly fight with me
Say its fine with me to spend the night with me
No rules everything alright with me
Now shake baby shake just right for me
Catch ball players in magic city
Show them boys how good my jumper is
Aint no niggas up in here lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I need everybody to report to tha dance floor right now
Tha world is very different now you know why ITS GUCCI TIME

Big Gucci
Trap boys call me Brick Gucci 
Dime piece time piece got my Swiss movin
Swiss cheese out a hata if he act foolish
Swizz Beats Gucci Mane call it trap music 
I think I need an ESPY the rappers best respect me 
They try to ron Artest me the gone have to arrest me 
With a doubt I bring em out 
The kid is all she think about 
She cheated wit la flare but he didn't spill a drink about her
Do you know what time it is 
Gucci time 
15 for every diamond bitch 
I'm hood rich wealthy and all that there 
All time  have no idea 


Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on 

Its gucci time!
Came in drankin rollin up stankin white boy wasted frat house wasted 
Amazin like my bracelet I'm flossin r.i.p the mike the ice got my chest moon walkin 
Cabbage patchin bouncin like bankin
Pull up in the drop top ferrari on bank head 
Colder than a polar bear sleepin in the freezer
She wish she never met me wanna catch amnesia 
Gucci mane crazy I mite pull up on a zebra
Land on top a eagle smoke a joint of reefa
Standin on the sofa spillin liquor on the speaker 
Call the paralegal cuz this shit should be illegal


Its gucci time!
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this ice on
No need to cut the lights on 
Cut the lights on 
Cut these fuckin lights on
All this fucking ice
And no need to cut the lights on

Its gucci time!
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
A 100k on the wrist band aint nothin
Keep tockin a tockin to keep tickin
Ya rolie ain't real if the bitch keep tickin
A 100k on the shoes and socks say nothin
You aint sayin nothin lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Yeah....
Wasted....
Party....
Its Gucci....


Double dueces on the back 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back and the trunk is in the front 
In the back of the club now I'm smoking on a blunt 
Club packed to capacity I'm parked right in the front 
From the front to the back like a zoo  
Wanna ball with me baby what it do  
Shes a man eater baby girls a cannibal  
I'm a party animal shes a party animal 


I'm a party animal used to be a trafficker
bricks tucked on the bus call me the road manager (skirtskirt)
200 thousand cash I'm might put that in a challenger 
To only ride on moreland cause thats my east atlanta car 
See first I brought you Juiceman then I brought you Flocka Flame 
Gucci Mane the boss mane but you call call me ice mane 
My automall's an animal true religion ??
95 air max I just bought them from south dekalb
Baby crazy looking at me cause I got a stupid bag 
Bet mamas a cannibal know she want a louie bag
I wipe my sweat with gucci rags blow my nose with stupid stacks
80 for a show so I wipe my ass with 50 racks


Double dueces on the back 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back and the trunk is in the front 
In the back of the club now I'm smoking on a blunt 
Club packed to capacity I'm parked right in the front 
From the front to the back like a zoo  
Wanna ball with me baby what it do  
Shes a man eater baby girls a cannibal  
I'm a party animal shes a party animal 


I'm riding through the EA smoking on a Elway
I fuck with them the long way but I don't ride with passengers
2 seater road eater my car is a cannibal
Just ate up the parking lot car show I'm the champion
Drop my top for Eazy E Pimp C B.I.G.
Left Eye Souja Slim 2pac Rest in peace
But I'm a pop a bottle for my niggas doin calendars
Roll a bag of cannibus they got this shit from Canada
Shawty got her nose up like she Ms. America
I don't like siddity bitches I like party animals 
Fuck her like a dog yeah I freak her like a animal
she eat me like a cannibal she such a party animal


Double dueces on the back 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back and the trunk is in the front 
In the back of the club now I'm smoking on a blunt 
Club packed to capacity I'm parked right in the front 
From the front to the back like a zoo  
Wanna ball with me baby what it do  
Shes a man eater baby girls a cannibal  
I'm a party animal shes a party animal 


I'm still buying cases roll it up baby
They poppin pills crazy whole club faded
Party party party lets all get wasted
Iced out shawty real retarded ass bracelets
I just wanna ball hard she just wanna taste it
Lady tryna take dick baby you will rape this
I'm African-American my girlfriend is Italian
458 Italia the engines in the asset


Double dueces on the back 21's on the front
Got the engine in the back and the trunk is in the front 
In the back of the club now I'm smoking on a blunt 
Club packed to capacity I'm parked right in the front 
From the front to the back like a zoo  
Wanna ball with me baby what it do  
Shes a man eater baby girls a cannibal  
I'm a party animal shes a party animal 


Party Party Party Party Party Party 
I'm a Party Animal Shes a Party Animal

I'm a Party Animal lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Nicki Minaj Pharrell)




We've evolved from small to the tall and shall not stall been flyin too long
Ooo whoa oh! Ooo whoa oh!
Ooo whoa oh! Ooo whoa oh girl...
I be sippin on haterade 
That deep-down getcha paid 
And it taste like lemonade 
Scrunch your face when you sing it babe 
I be sippin on haterade 
That deep-down getcha paid 
That flavor's lemonade 
Scrunch your face when you sing it babe y'knalmtalkinbout?


I'm not listenin I'm not interested
My attention only focused on what I get
And I'm glistenin they call me Mr. Check
White ice lemonade red ice she thick
Got a general Phantom bitch I'm icy and peachy
So I treat it real good like hoes is squeezed
My life I ain't ever seen a car like that
And she prolly won't see the next shit I get
And a seventeen fresh and I say 
Successful healthy I live no stress
So today is the day that the big boys shine
Drop tops everywhere I wouldn't know how to rock
Got the titties of today showin off tan lines
Cash bendin in my pockets no it's not draw lines
Me and Skateboard P in the club on time
No not on time but it's just in time
It's Gucci!




 Uhh yo aiyyo
This one goes out to all of my critics
Don't you feel stupid? Look how I did it
Look how it came to pass when I said it
We can do debit I don't need no credit
Yes I'm epic look how I rep it
It's been eight years but I broke the record
Yup the record - yup the record - yup the record

Uhh I'm all that I can be
And I'll admit I'm appalled when you envy
Because you can do it too and you can do it too
I just happen to be the girl that they do it too
So I'ma bounce back and I'ma ball out
And every time you see me I'ma go all out
And I'ma win till the endin
Don't be mad when you see me transcendin
Guc!




I ball hard I should be in Sports Illustrated
Cooler as a muthafucka in a Porschelemonade coupe
And a Ferrari in your hood you're intimidated
Mutilated Maserati Lamborghini decapitated
Fed investigation on what I accumulated
Sayin he ain't real that I'm not the man that I say I am like I give a damnmuch
Ride around town pickin up stacks
Some like Louis some like Gucci
But I love money yeah I love solution
And my teenage karat ring baby girl choose
And I ain't really hard to please baby come choose 
Lounge around around the town with the top chopped off
You can call it lost and found 'cause my top stay down
And I ain't seen a muthafucka since I bought this car
I ain't seen a muthafucka since I bought the car
It's Gucci!



 Gon' lift ya glass gon' liftya glass
 Just think about the future and forget the past
 Everybody just lift ya glass gon' lift ya glass
 If a nigga keep hatin tell him kiss ya ass
 Just lift ya glass gon' lift ya glass
 Let's think about the future and forget the past
 Everybody just lift ya glass gon' lift ya glass
 That nigga think they goin hard lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










1-2 1-2 1-2 burrr burrr
This is special GUCCCI
Its Gucci thats what you mean huh..righht? right..
Ladies and gentleman showtime


My pocket on swole my rims on chrome
When I hit the club everything goes
Bottles in the air put your lighters in the air
But when I'm in here I dont really care
Cuz I ride on em I style on em
I lean on em yes I flash on em
Yeh I know thats the way you like it huh yeh
Thats the way you love me huh? Its alive..its alive


It's alive it's alive
Rims cut the eyes
I had to bring the bitch back like Frankenstein
I push weight but Gucci don't exercise
I get extra from whippin up extra pies
Im in the hood like the mayor round election time
It's a suggestion don't park your car next to mine
Ima start when the light hit Im 'posed to shine
Your flow is garbage they let me out just in time
They got a section but none of the hoes are fine
They need to exit don't let the grind pass you by
I run laps around lames with my shoes untied
I jump the line walk in and watch the crowd divide
Still stuck outside that's the ugly side
Looked medusa in the eye and medusa died
This is top secret shit classified
Don't blame me Swizz was the mastermind
Can't breathe can't breathe Toni Braxton time
I got my chain moonwalkin Michael Jackson time
I keep on buying ice like I lost my mind
This bloodline of mine is supposed to shine




Hurry up hurry up Gucci on the news they say he walked out the jail rockin stupid jewels
They try and find out what it do admit it you confused
Too much cash on me hundreds fallin out me true
Big yellow wrists bright as piss bitch Im the shit
Big Gucci called Swizz lets make a hit
2 things in this world I ain't ever seen
Are you a foreigner nigga? I need to help me get me me
Well if your stomach cannot tote it baby let me breathe
Cuz I dont check if no babe or bitch chasin me
Excuse my French bitch Im so Gucci I so fuckin gutter
It dont make no sense to switch for none these mother fuckas




Somebody said my life is it
I said nah dog my wife is it
Now I'm back back on 'em like I never never left
Plus the boy right here I'm fresh to death
And the Black Card in my back pocket
The Conaseg lookin' like a speeder rocket
Yeah I'm zoomin' on the highway
And you should love me lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










I'm a thuuuuuuuug
Even though I wanna change my life and get it right
To the judge I'm always gon' be a thuuug
Like O-Dog 
They wanna see me undergrooooound
But I just bought a plane hey hey
Sky is the limit now; my jet just took off the ground now
And ain't nobody gon' stop my destiny destiny no no no
Ladies night - pop a bottle now
Cause the wear just came off now
From doin time in the penitentiaryyyy yeah
And if you come from the ghetto and you feel like a champion
Let me see you put your hands up 
Put your hands up 
Put your hands up 
Put your hands up 


{?} beatin on my chick {?} 
Feelin hipper than a hippie in a tye-dye shirt
Gucci Mane motherfucker and the earth my turf
Ice cold buzz hotter than July 1st
Oooh this the type of tune make a dime choose
He make it rain then I can make it monsoon
I buy a bitch out her contract dumb stacks
Suckers sleepin on me Zantax I'm deadly
I'm talkin Anthrax the other side of the tracks
You know the Amtrak; multi-millionaire still rockin amulets
I was turnt up to the mess but now I'm past that
But now I'm past that
I move stealth I'm gettin jealous of myself
Me and Wyclef and the swagger's SoSoDef
Smoke pounds of that 'dro 'dro from out West
And I ain't made at no one cause I'm oh so blessed
It's Gucci




Tired of all these late nights smoked out shit
Ain't no mo' leavin the club three or fo' bad chicks
I ain't goin to the lot coppin no mo' whips
I ain't drinkin all the pills I'm all done I quit
PSYYYYYYCH! I'm poppin wheelies with a dime on the bike
My baby right she whispered in my ear tonight is the night
I'm higher than a kite bright ice in need of a light
Pilot lighter light it homey as I lean to my stripe
Ye ain't freshest out here ye ain't ballin like me
Baby talk can't comprehend talkin foreign to more
Purple label Polo Revlon on me
I'm the big homey you a big phony 
Makin movies in the V.I.P. I need a Tony
Gucci Mane Tarantino with the tenderonis
Pour 80 bottles in her face lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








New Gucci A yeaaaa boiii... (I go by da name Drumma... Boii D-Boi Fresh) 
A yeaa A yeaa boiii
Weirdooooo... 

Weirdo... Weirdo Imma Weirdo 
Killed da pussy Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6 half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Gucci mane drumma boy 
Dis here for da weirdos 
Smellin like a bag a dro 
Flowin like a weirdo 


Shawty Mad Mad for what 
Mad Cuz she can't get enough 
Tuff luck 
Diggin Gucci Mane and he don't give a fuck 
Throw it up Pick it up 
Uhh 
She's a material girl 
You aint got enough 
It's a weird weird... 
And she asking weird questions 
Why yo engine in da rear 
Switch 2 gears then I'm outta here 
Yo boyfriend so last year 
Lets have breakfast on the moon 
Lets have dinner on uranus 
I got Venus on my penus 
And Serena wrapped round my fingers 
Lil mama wet as aquafina 
Stuntin on hoes like Angelina 
Like'em black 
I like em yella 
I like em red 
I like da meat
I'm wishin up somethin jus like da beetles
My buzz spread jus like da measles
Black N white Tuck sealed I gamble like Bugsy Segal Gucciiiiiii! 

Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Killed da pussy Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6 half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Gucci mane drumma boy 
Dis here for da weirdos 
Smellin like a bag a dro 
Flowin like a weirdo


You cock suckin Mosquito 
I own da Carasino 
My girl's got on dem see thru shirts
Short skirts n Perico
I'm Gucci Tarantino 
My shooterz are Bi-linguel
That's tall as Valentino
Throw bombs like Dan Marino
I'm gamblin wit her at da Valagio
I'm 40 up at da Casino
I just missed Sosha from Moscow
She say she love my single
Then she bought all of my ringtones
So I said pleasure to meet you
And I ain't gotta talk her ear off
Da freaks was really no need too! 
Women look at me n see what they don't see in you
And I see it too
Geargia Tech raw wit da yellow feet
It's a photo shoot baby so say cheese
Throw money high don't care were it reach
If you offendin you then offendin me
Feelin you you offendin me
My earings cost like a half a chain weirdooo! 

Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Killed da pussy Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6 half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Gucci mane drumma boy 
Dis here for da weirdos 
Smellin like a bag a dro 
Flowin like a weirdo


Mad at me suddenly blammin me it wasn't me
Thinkin his girl studdin me
She's not really studdin me
I ain't really sluttin her
Grammer so screet Cambleton East Atlanta
Pull up in that yellow thang
I put rims on everythang
Pull up on'em like dranks on me
Black wit da Georgia Tech yellow painted
40 000 on da feet
Gucci Drumma Boi and we so unique
Earing cost like a quarter a piece
That's a half a mill each chain Gucci! 

Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Killed da pussy Drilled da bitch 
Turned into a weirdo 
Mr zone 6 half a million dollar ear lobe 
Weirdo... Weirdo Ima Weirdo 
Gucci mane lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










ha ha ha ha ha
ha h h ha ha ha ha


Now that I'm finally free
I'm about to do it again
I take my life in my hands
cause I'm as grown at man


I am grown as man


now that I'm finally free


I was lost but now I'm found
I was blind but now I see
super high can't touch the ground
life tested me but god blessin me
ever since chase ball to testimon
from a jail have a job to testimons
I have find myself clear mind myself
fuck up the grov I got a blind to see
treats I'm aware tryin to sell
beein long so long know they now
they wonna a long cool war like vietnam
but there ain't man bored in the music cell
feds will but a mans hell
but my bestfriend probably don't die here
I don't lie at you but I cry like hell
like a two because he got a eighty years
going hard see him a miles away
I guess he's gotta a lot here
let me dad ahead never dad did
great great great grand pa
had a really crazy swear
so I stand a day
digin down a grave
did a flack in hill
in a a miles away
a got a point and proof
I was tryin to raise
can't let them in mistake
that dad didn't make


I' m finally free
you re never send me away
to get everything that I have
to make you finally blessed
Now that I' m finally free
I'm about to do it again
I take my life in my hands
cause I'm as grown as man
now that I'm finally free


Squash the beat won't freein it
It is crasy so I am chilin it
I get to wanna see those cheat each other

From day who they flock or hate my mother
I was grown to hug to hug at this
I am rush to a kid who ain't child of dance
we took apeal to so power to pet
I'm a solider to understand the cover zed
Me a home boy grown in the flower zed
out of money and a work I ain't agree admit
if my head one will wish proper did
could a come down down down and see me now
wish see me now I'm believin it
wanna scrap at me I ain't goin bad
so for my all family all I'm back
and so much I can't keen at bad
I was lost but now I'm found
I was blind but now I see
super high can't touch the ground
life tested me but god blessin me
ever since chase ball to testimon
from a jail have a job to testimons
I have find myself clear mind myself
fuck up the grov I got a blind to see


I'm finally free
you'll never send me away
to get everything that I have
to make you finally blessed
Now that I'm finally free
I'm bouta throw it to day
I take my life in my hands
cause I'm as grown at man
now that I'm finally free

I was lost but now I'm found
don't put that keep me down
sing my life to go out of your realm
I say I straighten down my eyes
and I am not going back not going back

Now that I' m finally free
finally free
you'll never send me away
you'll never send me away
to get everything that I have
everything that I
to make you finally blessed
make you finally blessed
Now that I'm finally free lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I'm up 24 hours money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and I'm shitting on the cowards
Up 24 hours I'm up 24 hours I'm up 24 hours
No shit shave or shower
Until I get my money back
I gotta get my money up
I'm 24 hours it's Gucci nigga it be so hard I'm up 24 hours . New album it's Gucci
Cut up something Cory


Damn it's a good day. Damn it's a good day
Call Drumma boy and told him let's go make a hood tape
First thang I'm a do pull out my 7'4
Candy coated black things sitting on them 40 O's
24 towers 8 bricks of powder 10 bells of dro
What I payed for the flour
Don't talk about my lambo talk about my Rarri
Talk about my Phantom talk about my Harley
Brick Squad Biker boy angel named Charlie
Goons going psycho white boy gnarly
Every 24 seconds passing me the Marley
Lames tryna diss don't effect me hardly


I'm up 24 hours money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and I'm shitting on the cowards
Up 24 hours
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
No shit shave or shower
Until I get my money back
I gotta get my money up
24 hours. I'm up 24 hours

It's Gucci!


I'm going to the bank again making a deposit
It's getting kinda chilly bring my minks up out the closet
Getting kinda warm get my jewerly out the safe
If it be a problem put the hater in his place
I'm slicker than an oil spill
Sharper than a razor
I'm screaming anybody get it like my nigga Major
Finna cop a condo and fill it up with ammo
Brick Squad Bandana on I think I'm fucking Rambo
It's Gucci
I'm a killer so don't push me
Brick Squad ain't no pussy niggas
Running with them wig splittas
Niggas screaming roll one
Gucci let me hold some
But I can't let you hold none
I hit you with the whole drum


I'm up 24 hours money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and shitting on the cowards
So 24 hours
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
No shit shave or shower
Until I get my money back
I gotta get my money up
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours


I'm fucking with a white girl you can call me Ice-T
Cause I got my crystals on you can call em Spike Lee
Robbin me unlikely last try I drop em
Hollow tip stopped em
I ain't have time to box him
Stunting like an actor
Running like an athlete
Strait to the money like a sprinter at a track meet
First signed Waka then I signed Gucci
Then I sign Brick Squad tell em come sue me


I'm up 24 hours money and the power
Stunting on the hoes and shitting on the cowards
So 24 hours
I'm up 24 hours. I'm up 24 hours
No shit lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









It's Gucci two times Gucci Gucci
Please pardon me but I'm passin gas
To my entourage no gas masks
I'm in my old school with the Georgia tag
With my Georgia ass and my red flag
I'm g'd up from the feet up
In my black van wit my feet up
And the blinds down and the beat up
Short bad bitch with the seat up
You know me from the old me
On John screen with the 
I was low key at hb
Now I'm 3d come face me
I went toe to toe with the best of 'em
I bust shots at the rest of 'em
Don't test me no tester
I rape you like Chester

I'm a rich ass nigga you bitch ass nigga
You  so snitch ass nigger
Work to the game feel some to the fame
Wear enough on me in this quick nigga
I'ma tell you twice cause it's Gucci two times
Fuck your clique and fuck your wife
If you got drama nigga you can meet me outside
Get your head bust wide for your old man's pride

Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold

Platinum in my mouth bitch
Shoot you in your face shit
Uptown gangsta bitch 100 million dollar shit
All this money ain't shit livin how we live it bitch
Redid my grill nigga platinum to that gold shit
High price high life do this shit every night
Shoot the dice pay the price
Priceless when we roll them die
Get it how we get it bitch
Flip that nigga been flippin them bricks
500 things me and Gucci gonna split that shit
50 in banana clips twist someone we split your shit
Brand new Ferraris Bugattis when we shinin bitch
Lord rich gang nigga we got them rangs nigga
Flippin them things nigga ready to bang nigga

Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold

I wear red shoes in my black car
I'm talkin slick like a rap star
I'm walkin slick like a trap star
Rich young G with gold teeth
A triple black cat just crossed my path
But its a 4 door jaguar
They put me in this game I put you lames back at the snack bar
I'm black as hell but I'm rich as well
Got 3 dime pieces at the hotel
I'm goin hard they blowin hard
I'm strapped up no body guards
I pull your card told you disregard
I'm goin dumb but I'm thinkin smart
But if you try my squad Ill hide the body parts
Gotta send a shout out to the boulevard
Gotta send a shout out to bankhead
Gotta give a salute to cambelton
When I pull up in that yellow thing 
Thin pockets like I just been gambling
I put 100k in my grill shawty
thats the way that I feel shawty
ice cream on my favorite chain
cause thats the life that I live shawty.

Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold
Rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold rich ass nigga with a mouth full of gold with a mouth full of gold lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. OJ Da Juiceman Waka Flocka Flame)




Dirty Birds in this motherfucker  It's Guc'!
Matter of fact it's Big Gucci in this motherfucker 
Flockaveli Birdman 
Ca$h Money Brick Squad linked up to 17 


In the streets make some moves get my paper 
FUCK 'EM! Blow croak smoke on my haters 
Pop up with the real fuck you fakers 
All about my money fuck you pay me 
Huh?  Oh for real? 
Word?  Bitch! 
Huh?  Oh for real? 
Word?  Bitch! 


It's Big Gucci  mob moves you wise fools
You can't mute me my whole life I'm ProTools
First day appeal just elude me or shoot me
I stand on my word I'm like Luke in the 90's
Cocaine crazy 1980 baby
2/12 they birthed me now find me in Miami
East Atlanta with me always to the Grammys
This time? Big bucks no Whammies
My trunk slammin my track jammin
I'm too fancy; manners I left 'em
I'm healthy stealthy and wealthy - you try me?
I'll probably show a nigga how to drive a jet ski
Them Brick Squad niggaz got me like I got me
Me Flock and Baby back to Bankhead in real Bugatis
Brick Squad Zone 6 Ca$h Money whattup?
I might just fuckin buy my mom a Maserati




I got 6's on my red and black whip 
Watch them girls choose iced up like a fool
Po'n lean in my styrogoam this is how I Screw
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... ha! 
Flexin with the crew mean muggin who?
Bad attitude what'chu wanna do?
20 bottles 40 blunts meet me on the moon 
Make it make it rain now my lil' bitch strippers come together fame
Let my pants hang watch me do my chain swang
Takin bitch mane with this yellow diamond karat chain
Waka Flocka Flame Gucci Gucci Mane
With the Birdman this is how we hang




 This is what I do then I cut a damn fool
Man I come through Chevrolet but it look gray Coupe
Get my money stack it up this is what real players do 
Now if he don't get no money then that nigga need to shoot
Smokin kush at the house while yo' bitch clean my shoe
Real gangsta nigga mayne this is what I do
Say lil' potnah just hit me sayin  
So I hit him with the force this is what I do
Killed yo' baby momma; this is what I do 
Work chipped cell phones lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Cap Chill Will)




 
Ay yeah boyyyy ay yeah 



Hey girl I'm tearin it up and they knowin that
I had sex so much that I ain't goin back
I blow stack after stack after stack after stack
At the rack everyday and they knowin that
Well I'm blowin that and I'm doin this
And my red flag got the haters pissed
Don't reckless this not a diss
This not a threat this real shit
And don't play me cause ain't no stoppin me
Ain't no toppin me and ain't no robbin me
Cut the robbers outs I brought the goons out
We reckless we O.G.
On Acuras and they textin us
But who gives a fuck and who gives a damn?
I'm blood in and blood out on Flat Shoals with big sand
And Waka Flocka thanks Flocka Waka
Two times cause we two crimes
Two bloods and two rides with fo' nines and gang signs
So what's up? The pricety I'm icey and Icey
I'm the king of diamonds and the princess shinin
And all mine behind me


Let's get reckless let's get reckless


Oh yeah! Cap I'm in beast mode
Hell yeah I'm on reckless
If you don't like it pussy nigga come check this
Respect this or meet your death wish
There's 17 bird on my necklace
I fuck with dem and they fuck with me
Don't fuck with us get the fuck from 'round
Cause I like to pop and we sucker free
Reckless reckless e'rybody goin HAM
Don't test this cause if you do
That Smith & Wesson go blam damn
Look what the fuck done happened
Just cause you heard that a nigga start rappin
That I'm worryin about the {?} pulled out
No toppin no clappin clear the whole scene I'm smashin
Bye gone - boy you better catch up nigga
Get hit from your neck up nigga
Nobody wan' fess up get your block up
Leave the whole scene full of ketchup nigga
They are wildin on wildin on ballin they violent
I got the little man sydrome get me in the end zone
Signin autographs who's stylin?




Huh? Huh? Huh?
Vacation in Miami they say I'm swag surfin
Your girl with ya she ain't lookin but her ass flirtin
See I'm a classy nigga a thousand dollar curtains
And I just made yo' nigga mad cause his pocket hurtin
And I don't mean I'm jackin off when I say I'm chokin chickens
I mean when we rap on mo' we call that chokin chickens
I got a talkin code for all he knows it folds
Too buck to be on probation too rich to be on parole
My dawgs love me on I'm on the mic talkin reckless
Stuntin ballin million dollar flexin
My dawgs love me on I'm on the mic talkin reckless
Stuntin ballin lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Shout Out To My Set. Shout To My Set. Shout Out My Connect. Shout Out My Connect. Shout Out To My Check. Shout To My Check. Shout Out My Wrist & Neck. Shout Out My Wrist & Neck. Im A Man of Respect. Man of Respect. And Imma Nigga With A Check. Nigga With A Check. Imma Man of Respect. Man of Respect. A Nigga with A Check. Nigga With A Check.


Shout Out To Your Main Bitch. Shout To Her Neck. It's Cold Outside I Aint Got Time To Play So Please Dont Get Wet. Its Just me With My Young Boy At Your Front Door With The Teck. Aint Shit For Free. That's It For Me I Demand A Check. Shout Out To My Weed Man I Call Him The Geek Squad. I Smoke Too Much I Just Lost My Thoughts I'm Feelin like A Retard. Got 2 Best Freaks Plus Me Riding In That 2 Seater. They Face To Face. Im By Myself But They Huggin Like A Wife Beater. Shout Out To My OG For Him Im Puttin In Work. Shout To Them Real Killa's Thats Puttin In That Twerk. Wooh Da Kidd A Real Nigga. Shout Out To My Set. Shout Out To My Bruler For My Wrist And Neck. Yes.




Shout Out To My Accountin lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I love things about her
I love the way she treat me
I love the way she fuck me
I love the way she suck me


I'm a trap-aholic all I do is ball
Tear the mall down now trick
Don't flag me down. See me down town 'Rrari
I didn't mean to shit on you. Excuse me sorry
Verse so slick make my video marvelous
Polo to the floor. Ralph'd down like Carlton
Try the CEO they goin' put you on a carton
I didn't mean no harm but my diamonds are dumb plenty rocks on my arm
Me & Rocko the Don East Atlanta the Slum
Where I'm from got a gun in the club havin fun
And after it's done no more coaches to call it
After party? Bachelor party they shoulda called it


I love things about her 
I love the way she treat me 
I love the way she fuck me 
I love the way she suck me 


Man I love the way she shake it
I like her cause she groovy
Love to see her naked; I love to watch her move it
I like her cause she the coolest
A good head on her shoulders I love the way she use it
Aye I like the way she fuck me love the way she suck me
Love how everytime we play she catch it like rugby
I love she know what's up with me she love me cause I'm gudda
I like a lot about her; though but still I don't love her
Still super cool though yeah she my lil buddy
She be sharper than a pencil
Yeah she my lil cuddy
Shawty say I'm dirty but when I see her she wanna hug me
Super swagger charismatic all my bitches love me


I love things about her 
I love the way she treat me 
I love the way she fuck me 
I love the way she suck me 


I love how she be swallowin my nut then she be throwin me up
I like the way she fuck but still I hate when she be blowin me up
All the busters just sweat her only ballers can get her
She a flipper I love how she do whatever I tell her
Yeah I like her a lot but still don't love her at all
I hate pussy ass niggas and I'm in love with the mall
I got a crush on white diamonds and I got a thang for that kush
That sour diesel my favorite you betta watch how you look
Quick to take ya lil diva and treat that ho like a slut
She was suckin on Gucci I had my dick in her butt
You know I'm bad bitch crazy 187's my favorite
Infatuated with money lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I know that I need ha
But dont know how to treat ha
But you deserve better baby better baby better baby
You deserve better baby better baby better baby
Though I wanna keep ha
Be jealous if she leave uh
But you deserve better baby better baby better baby
You deserve better baby better baby better baby
And I cant hold you back baby


I really think I love her but
I dont think I know I could
I know I wanna fuck her but
Really thinking if I should
How can I believe her
I dont even believe myself
Tell me how to trust her
I cant even trust myself
And I cant live alone
At the end of the day cant fuck myself
I told her Im confused
And she told me to go fuck myself
Now Im alone in this world
Nothing left but me
But I was born all alone
So I guess thats how its meant to be
But she was sent to me
And I didnt recognize
And I blame it on ma pride
On a fact gon send aside it
Eyes redder than a rose
Heart bluer than a violet
My heart broke and Im heartless
And aint no need to hide it 




A heart breaking is heart broke
Imma tell the truth cause we grown folks
Why you lookin through ma phone fo
Thats why we ended up none more
You done know me like Chan Doe
Done left me up in my condo
Looking for you like Wardo
My nose open like Gunzo
I think I love her I dont know
I like her alot but she loco
She crazy swagged up lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Ungghhhhh... Gucci!
 It's yo' time
I'ma give you the blueprint
Ain't nobody harder
We got money in the matress old money
I got credit cards Gucci got cash money


It's the billion kid Gucci we went half on a bank
I'm a walkin {?} happenin I live in a tank
He go hard in the paint he got hard at the bank
Waka Flocka Gucci Mane I'm goin hard on the drinks
And I get pussy every day I guess you is what you drank
Cause y'all pussycat is bigger than the diamonds in my rang
Who is I? {?} done run off with the scrubs
Duck or neck but you didn't share the love with the thugs
And the rap game paralyze the street life I'm not sellin drugs
I'm selling CD's globally my Brinks truck pullin up
I get offers for a million dollars just to throw it up
I made two thundred thousand today I feel like throwin up
Gucci


I got Hummer trucks pullin up but I'm buyin other trucks
Master P and Gucci Mane done pulled up in the wealth with our
Brinks... we threw our rap in the rink
Chop Squadron pullin up drophead pullin up
Drop dead I don't skate froze up we pullin up
Brinks... we threw our rap in the rink
Up the {?} bad nigga Brinks


I'm 'bout to pull a Mike Vick on 'em dude
Get money street boys; I love the kid
Iced green Peedy I got the streets heated
I left a minute now I'm back the game really needs me
Gucci Mane called me man I got that flipper
Everybody come and tryin to get in my hair for dipper
With that dola trap boy granolas
Brick Squad soldiers gon' run 'til it's over
I had chills for a minute still screamin No Limit
Had changed my life lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics











Ay yeah girl... ay yeah 
(Brrr brrr brrr brrr) Gucci 


The pretty bitches love me them bitches love me 
I think them bitches love that I'm a bottle popper 


She caught up in my love triangle
I used to sell them things in triangles
And that was when I was in the eighth grade
Now I'm self made; and I'm high paid
Nigga you ain't even in my tax bracket
I'm pulling Gucci denim off the clothes racket
Gucci man it's the Gucci crew
Brick Squad rappers nigga who are you?
What it do nigga? What's poppin?
By them 30 next summer we droppin
We back again yeah we back again
And we gotta win she wanna be my friend




I pull up in that black and red Challenger
A com-pe-tition where the challengers?!
I pull up in that 'Rari with them other ones
And thinkin 'bout it I'm goin and gettin another one
Gucci Mane I run the land from Africa to Pakistan
Understand and overstand Gucci Mane in Overland
What a fine ass yellow bonnnnnnnnnne
She got it goin on
Now I got so many chains on they don't know what's goin on
Find your number in my phone and don't know what be goin wrong
Find the number in my phone and don't know what be goin wronnnng
She had it goin on




Brr brr ay lemme see okay
A-T-L they know my name Magic City throw some change
Flyest nigga in this bitch and I don't even own no chain
Take yo' chick with no complaints she say my shit oh so great
And that's why she been feelin me.. and y'all got that novocaine
Go for mine that ball shit forced to rock 'til I'm nauseous
Stuck up when she sober when she rollin got no conscience
She OD's on Louboutin she work at that nudie bar
Told her do it for the money get your camera nudin on
Green we can all burn 'til I am the highest man
Y'all a bunch of pussies why the fuck y'all near the lion's den?
Paper planes pilotin lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. 8Ball Waka Flocka Flame)




Yahhhhhhh it's Gucci!
Birds go!
Birds it's Dirty Birds
It's Gucci


I'm an East Atlanta rider
You gon' fuck around and get ya whole clique tied up
My brain fried; I'm on the skull of the Impala
I'm high on kush it's 'bout my money mixed with power
So keep it brief
Nigga two hundred thousand in the fleece
Pistols two hundred twenty on the dash
System I pull off it look like a flash
Picture cheeeeeese!
I got the 24's those 74 for 2's
When you was on the stage Gucci was on the news
But bitch don't pity me I look like Mr. T
I pimp like Soulja Slim but I think I'm Eazy-E
It's Gucci


Patty cake patty cake I hop around with pancakes
I touched down with hash browns and serve 'em with the pancakes
Patty cake patty cake I hop around with pancakes
Got flapjacks hash browns and syrup in my crack space
Patty cake patty cake I hop around with pancakes
I touched down with hash browns and serve 'em with the pancakes
Patty cake patty cake I serve you niggaz pancakes
Flapjacks hash browns and syrup in my crack space
It's Gucci


I'm the young nigga all the old head love dawg 
I ain't lettin shit slide this ain't baseball 
Banned in 45 states cause I'm too real
Waka Flocka like a Gucci album I'm hard to kill
I don't think they fuckin with me whether I'm locked dead or in jail
I'm from Clayon County Riverdale so I'm supposed to give 'em hell
I'm aware the grass got snakes I'm aware they gon' hate
You too late I'll be damned you take this dinner off our plate
Dirty Birds Dirty Birds twenty-one gun salute and got killed
It's Bankhead Brick Squad out in U.K. these niggaz ain't fuckin with me
Mob up off that run day SK's AK's
Throwaways I let that triple up like {?} triple beam we crackin




Gucci Mane Waka Flocka and ya boy big Ball
Hard from the start; I ain't never been no fuckin lame
Here I go with Waka Flocka here I go with Gucci Mane
One of a kind - that Memphis 10 runnin through my bloodstream
Ghetto superstar - man them hood bitches love me
Cup full of that ol' purple drank pullin on some of that stanky dank
Pocket full of Benny Frank and bitch what the fuck you thank?
45 hollowheads in my stout yellow purt{?}
I hope one of these ol' bitch bitch-ass niggaz don't cross that line and get hurt
Money what we came to get money what we represent
You ain't talkin 'bout shit if you ain't talkin 'bout gettin it
Hard hustle never fold forever I will be cold
Forever I will be big Ball lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










A hundred bales of that mid shit; hell yeah
This that shit that get your kids rich; hell yeah
Hundred bags of that kush shit; hell yeah
This that President Bush shit; hell yeah


This that arm on my kush shit
My girlfriend think she President Bush bitch; hell yeah
And I'm gone off that lean shit
My brother Duke keep on sendin me that green shit; fuck jail!
Gucci time and I'm hood rich
I'm in that Zone 6 I throw it like the first pitch
My yellow 'Rari in the front and I parked it
A black chick in some heels match the carpet
I'm pullin up to the club like I own it
Ain't with that bullshit Gucci don't condone it
My tolerance get low with the flexin
I woke up bought my main chick a Lexus




I be the Brick Squad young'un leave you stankin like a Funion
All these other rap niggaz toed like a bunion
I'm B.S. and you BS but I'm Brick Squad and you bullshit
Pistol like my chaperone we goin on a school trip
Places that you never seen blowin on that stupid green
Rollin on the stupid beam hit the scene in limousine
Codeine promethazine diamonds in my pinky ring
Nigga what da fuck you mean? Brick Squad dream team
I got  naw I ain't Drizzy
Money make the world go 'round that's why I'm dizzy
Standin behind Guc' and Flock they like who is he?
Slim Dunkin in this muh'fucker; cut the chizzy


It's Big Gucci excuse me while I ball
Until my release my nigga no lights out
Lights out creep on in silence
Why do I pull more violence
We non-violent while my tattoos smilin
To remind me of the time they robbed me
With no problems now my problems solved
And it's revolvin around all these guns yeah
And my condo stretch from here to Compton
to Bouldercrest Roberta who the same function{?}
That's somethin to those who have nothin
No bluffin lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









It's my year it's my year
And look at my chain my watch and my ear
It's my year it's my year
My engine in the rear because it's my year
It's my year it's my year
Just look at my chain my watch and my ear
And look at my gear and look at my gear
My engine in the rear because it's my year


It's my year it's my year
And look at my chain my watch and my ear
It's my year it's my year
My engine in the rear because it's my year
It's my year it's my year
I do it on the strength how I be the pimp
It's my year it's my year
My engine in the rear Drumma Boy
It's my year

It's me not you
I don't want you no mo'
I swear I don't care
I'm turnt up I'm burnt up
And turned out and you're not
And I am the Gucci Mane
Don't get it be like dammmmn stop
They know who I ammmm hot
I'm icy as a fool
I knowwww I knowwww very well very well
I made this well uh-huh
And I know A-T-L very well
I make mail fuck 12
Go to Hell A-T-L
I know them well



Play-errrrr
Bottle drunk I don't sailor
And I'm tailored
But I keep tippin waiters
Youse a hater
And you should get some paper
I got flavor
Big house no neighbors
I'm so papered
I drop wax on scraper
I'm a baker
And I'm bakin up cake-r
I'm a player
Bottle drunk I don't sailor
And I stay lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Slim Dunkin Wooh The Kid & Waka Flocka)




 
 It's Gucci
Funky feet  funky feet
Pull up with that stupid beat orange Camaro trick or treat
Stupid geek  it's super street
It's a Super Sport nigga trick or treat


I flee the broads stars and cars look like they just broke in the mall
Home girl seen my auto mall and said let's go and have a ball
Hold applause change your drawers Big Gucci not Santa Clause
Young'uns might just break the law whole Squad be like 
If what you seen ain't what you saw Scary Movie Saw 3
East Atlanta whassup Santa Alabama ride with me
Glock nine on me hot rod lonely
Gucci ridin double wides tractor-trailers ponies
What'chu mean? Bag of beans same boy from the magazines
Two AK's three magazines make a stupid horror scene
Orange Ferrari purple trees whippin like on gold D's
Pimpin like I'm Goldie listenin to the oldies
It's Gucci!


Funky feet  funky feet
Pull up with that stupid beat orange Camaro trick or treat
Stupid geek... it's super street
It's a Super Sport nigga trick or treat
Look at me nigga look at me
Pull up in my new Ferrari pull up and say trick or treat
And after a week I cop another skreet
A pretty car nigga trick or treat


Okay our whip our feet ridin down our street
But got the broma{?}er'y T turn your wife into a freak
Snatch the mighty iron whip I gotta eat nigga
You lookin sweet nigga {click clack} trick or treat nigga
Trunk on thunder candy paint mumble
Why your tint so dark? Bitch I'm ridin under
This Brick Squad nigga what it do
Ye ain't Brick Squad pussy nigga who is you?
Money over e'rythang even you
If the General call then you better shoot
BLAK BLAK BLAK BLAK BLAK you know the dump
Wooh Da Kid and Guc' truth gon' pop the trunk




Louis Vuitton come take a flick
You ain't takin shit but you can take a click
It's a nightmare when I pop up
Got the top cut wit'cho lady chick
We super geeked I'm hella high
Her mouth wet but mine stupid dry
I'm movin slow like a zombie
while she woppin me she boppin me
Got black ice call me Black Ice really heavy around my neck
I just blackout call me Blackout look and shot at a nigga that flex
Now I'm bustin at him I'm gunnin at him
He runnin real quick with those funky feet
He dead man I'm toe taggin
I'm a black bag him in white sheets
I'm a flatline him it's over with
And he ain't comin back no heartbeat 
Brick Squad some rude boys
Don't play around don't fuck with them
I pull up on your block
Let some shots off you stuck with them
I'm a G-A N-G S-T A




All these {?} girls call me wantin to fuck
And Monique {?} the old ladies wanna fuck me
I poke you to death like Chucky
Came up in one year they say I'm lucky FLOCKA!
Semi little hussy {?} that's a get money getter
All my girls got Waka Flocka on they {?}
Don't need a school girl need a down-ass slut
Ten pack of bills I wanna roll and bite
Fuck police fuck police no license on me
In the club V.I.P. no ID cuz got funky feet
Ten left twenty right dead guys on me
I'm on E it's Olde E I think I'm 'bout to O.D.
Some fly girls wanna swat me
And it's gettin out of hand like I lost my arm
Off the chain like I lost my job
Hold my lotto ticket girls love my charm
Ballin like pimps shit doesn't switch
{?} ill they love my sign
And I think I'm James Brown I got funky feet
Say Flock can't rap lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










{LISTEN TO THE TRACK BITCH}
Get out my lane 


I'm in the yellow thang on the expressway
That bitch so nasty it might give a bitch road rage
Get out my lane - Ferrari Boyz
You see the chain - So Icey boys
I'm ridin in a mansion but I don't think I'm fancy
But I cut the blinker on and my diamonds dancin
Once upon a time a little while ago
There was a nigga in a 'rarri with a pretty yellow hoe
Got my head held up cause I think I'm handsome
As the media portrayin me as Charles Manson
And I coulda bought a Phantom road here four deeper
But I'd rather pull up solo in the yellow two-seater
Gucci!


Get out my lane! Ferrari Boyz
You see the chain - So Icey boys


Riding in the 'rarri same color as Bacardi
She don't like me shawty man she like my car
Damn near wanna fuck my chain damn near wanna fuck my name
Wanna bust every nigga in the clique I claim
Deep-dish rims ain't no offsets mane
That's how me and Gucci Mane came
Iced out poppin shit drunk switchin lanes
I rock bandanas like Santana screamin out 
Made a million off my words they in love with my country grammar
That's the antenna cause these rap nigga careers got static in it
I'm a walkin meal ticket just wait a minute
Bank account got commas in it all black 'rarri know the llamas in it
I hear them talkin gangsta shit but I know they lame as hell
One thing I ain't gon' do pussy nigga you scared of jail
My name ring bells my engine loud as hell
Shit my 'rarri cost about 230 bails




I'm just lane changin lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. YG Hootie)




Uhh uhh
Ayy Guc' Mane we good right now man
Get money good man


It's a white girl in town - name is Cocaine
It's some dirty birds in town - Gucci Mane & Waka Flame
We fly in on buy-in say you got more birds? You lyin
You tryin and lyin you boys ain't supplyin
I pitch like Nolan Ryan got cocallina flyin
My partners stick up kids duct tape rope they gon' tie in
In the bushes they lyed in all night that's my word
By the end of the mornin they left with them birds
And I'm gone off that purp' and I'm slurrin my words
I swerved in my Benz bangin my 4G's on the curb
The lean the herb pay me like the first
You cross Brick Squad get hurt
I got work - Gucci


My homeboys will get you pay you on the 33rd
Two pints of lean'll have me slurrin on my words
Undertaker car triple black drop bird
Stomach full of money so hundreds I'ma burp
All the hoods love us like the 15th and the 1st
Two pints of lean'll have me slurrin on my words
Undertaker car triple black drop bird
Stomach full of money so hundreds I'ma burp
All the hoods love us like the 15th and the 1st


Five grand for a head shot
Boy don't be no Flintstone and get yo'  nigga!
Triple red drop offsets through the parkin lot
Where I'm from young niggaz shootin at the cops
Where I'm from they fakin
My hood right side nigga green flaggin
Lay yo' ass down if you do too much braggin
Three case four Glocks nigga that's swaggin ughh
Penalized then goes the Packer-Man
What'cha hell you would think it was a cracker-man
I don't know 'em bah-bah-bah-bah-back'em man
Fuck 'em den! Throw my stash in the club that there'll do
Every girl gettin past you
Send an ambulance on that ass I want that rent due
Robbin every nigga that ain't Hit Squad Blood or Piru
FLOCKA!!




Half a million dollar jewelry like 
Niggaz screamin they want beef I'm like !
My album didn't sell so I'm layin niggaz down
Shootin every nigga that burst leaves a fuckin frown
Forty carats on my bracelet my Polo black
Niggaz talkin like they want beef I'm wantin that
Seven grams in the Swisher I'm gon' solo that
Ridin around with my strap like 
All these rap niggaz hold up lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Brick Squad monopoly 
You know I'ma break her
Bitch come and choose up!
I just be on hard mayne
Me and old Gucci Mane


Shhh be quit shhh be quiet
She talkin like you wired her ass think she hired
Take you to a place real private
Vick you down and let you suck my private
I have no feelings - I'm a cold hearted nigga
You might catch me wit'cha sister autograph my picture
I won't never kiss her pills weed and some liquor
He might fuck 'round the liquor I'm gon' get her Visa
You know I'ma break her I don't hear no cake bruh
Send her out get cake bruh bitch be back by 8 uhh
Sunshine my money maker TT that's my down bitch
CC got real loose from that you would give shawty a stupid check


You know I'ma break her
Bitch come and choose up!
I done stepped my game up
Got a house outta her
She done bought me rings bruh
Got a chain outta her
I just pimp hard mayne
Me and old Gucci Mane


Break-a-Bitch College sugar pimp knowledge
Skeet in her mouth and the bitch just swallowed
Give her guidelines and the slut just followed 
I'm on mine I gots to grind my rhyme for a reason
Yo sis is a streetwalker workin procedures
Baby bought me this baby bought me that
Gave me a brick and I turned it to crack
Make me wanna fuck her gotta come back
Lil' short thang with a ass so fast
Menages massages she too wild no flaugin
She choose up I po' up I'm two up she bobbin
I'm a nuisance no nonsense
I'm a monster no conscience
No option who want it? Haters get left lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Frenchie)




200 pounds I grew that shit You knew that shit I do it that shit
Pulled up with a hundred pounds bails and bricks filthy rich
All I know is grind time nickle dime slime time
I Intercept like Prime Time
My mind gone like nine times
Call it engineering Gucci might steal it
A new European everybody peekin
Is robbing season goons out searching
Lurking surfing call it reimbursement
Southside on the beat Gucci on the street
Let me take a listen why not drive a 
Wow pow bricks right now
Slip and slide I'm glidin by
But I'm so high I just might die
Flocka told me go in! Roco told me go in!
PJ told me no end my hand I will throw in!
Gamble with the joker and end up in a shoot out
Wooh he on the lookout Juice Man throwin cookouts


Im in the strip club the girls looking like zombies on the pole
Theyre screaming feed me feed me feed me!
And when the club  we monsters making scary movies girls be
Screaming screaming screaming screaming! 


In the strip club shorty throwing up the racks
Gucci come my back fifty stacks in the back
Mean mugging? Shorty I ain't worried bout that
Brick Squad Monopoly: we a wolf pack
Rolling in my zone baby make the bootie clap!
Slapped her on the bootie like Im trying to hit that
How much it cost cause I charge your stack?
Bottles in the air hell yeah Im stoned!
Leaning left to right double cup styrofoam
Im full of racks just stacks on stacks
Never been a  only shop at Sax
Drinking Remy by the fifth
They say Waka Flocka got a gift
Six speeds I just shift
Every blunt I lift
I'm higher than a motherfucker think I might fall
Bad bitches always calling me
LeBron fucking James I ball my G
Shut the fuck up bitch clap that ass
White fans screaming "Waka Flocka you rad"
Always catch me with a fucking red rag




I got em like ah...
Love this nigga two hoes slobbering on the pole
Screaming out loud I love this nigga!
 seen the same girls that work in Perfections
They say they came straight from Magic City
So I know don't gotta teach em no lesson!
Girls  my songs on
Put down those pom poms
Oriental I think she's from Hong Kong
In the club full of ho zombies
Screaming out feed me
But I just got this stacks girl it aint gonna be that easy!
Four girls leaving they coming
All girls fucking they coming
Just like Gucci said I left a hundred dollars on the dresser
Just to show the bitch it ain't nothin'
If you think you coming home with me youre fucking
You got much potential I turn you into something
Get in my V lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Titi Boy aka 2 Chains)




Ughh Flocka! Gucci! 'Rarri Boyz!
Ay Tity Boi what's happenin mane?
We turnt up mane shout to the whole city mane
Uhh uhh uhh 


Half a pint in my two liter I just slow sip
This that mud drank my 'rarri go hard in the paint
Pulled up dancin right hopped out flexin ice
Niggaz'll give they life just to live my life
Bitches yellin loud walkin through the crowd
With a triple cup 
'burry game clique flags in the sky
Walkin through the God I swear to God I'm in the sky
Astronaut high I'm that guy
Stacks on stacks racks on racks
I keep mud on standby
Got some real niggaz that you cain't even stand by


I just slow sip 
Styrofoam cup 
This that mud drank fo' ounces and a one liter
This that mud drank half a pint in my two liter
 styrofoam 
 styrofoam 
This that mud music this that mud drank
Styrofroam cup 


Styrofoam cup we po'n up Gucci Flock' blowin up
We so fuckin up all our foes they be duckin us
I'm a jack boy you a jackass
You must dress in the dark with yo' tacky ass
I'm Big Gucci cool guap'
Got 80 grand in my khaki pants
Tity's on the scene yeah that's my team
BSM yeah that's my scene
I'm a millionaire that's reality
You want a mill' that's a fuckin dream
I'm on mine got two nines
Throw my watch in the air to let time fly
I'm DUI I'm too high
You heard that young nigga I'm too fly
Thugged out young nigga I'm 'bout my bread
Don't want no pussy girl givin me head
We ain't even gotta stop to use the bed
Ay-ain't no need to fuck up the spread
I'm drinkin I'm thinkin
All the real niggaz we linkin
My Brick Squad all be down on hangin
Sippin lean done got me famous Gucci!




Yeah mud mud Gucci!
This that kickstand campaign
Over they head like an airplane
Brang yo' gurl to the club 'round me
and my niggaz then she fail game
2 Chainz I'm too much
Every time I fuck I get two nuts
Every time you see me I'm with two sluts
I ain't in or out 'less the Coogi cut
Promethazine contraband
Told them folks we a country band
Brick Squad duffle bag
Bunch of knucklehead niggaz sayin 
My bread long like Subway Louis' on unlazered
And I ain't talkin money when I hit you with this one caper
I need two mo' two liters
I got bass like two speakers
It must be 
cause these niggaz out here 
All we doin is slow sippin
I be on that codeine
I got fo' zips
'Bout to po' it on this ice cream lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Rocko)




Yeah I stay busy stay out my business
Cause I ride Benzes ay that's my business
See all my lenses are dark blue tinted
Cause I don't LIKE people in my business
In my business I run my business
If ain't 'bout business then I'm not listenin
In my business I run my business
If ain't 'bout business then I'm not listenin


If it ain't 'bout paper there ain't no convo
See I ride scrapers and y'all ride Volvos
But that's my M.O. I go where you won't go
I smoke what you cain't smoke I'm rich and you're flat broke
See I'm not a blogger and I'm not a jogger
I'm more like a mobster just call me a baller
A Chevy Impala sittin on them 40 O's
I got a lot of things but I owe 'em to Sergio
Gucci's a hustler and he got clientele
Always got somethin to sell just pullin your coattail
You hate me then oh well I checked out a hotel
But now I get fan mail my game at a stansstill
I checked out a hotel you hate me then oh well
But now I get fan mail my game at a standstill
Go spin like a windmill I lower than windshield
See I got a good deal but know what the hood feel




All I know I'm one real nigga 
Grew up 'round robberies and drug dealers
Dutches no Swishers I'm the new God Fisher
Can't be Nino Brown cause that fuck nigga snitchin
Catch me on the Grove chillin where it count
It's not just metaphors pussy nigga you don't trap
Why they in my business? My name rang bells all through prison
They run up in my house cause they heard a nigga pitchin
Bitch that's my decision! Why you worryin 'bout me?
24 years old I'm a fuckin O.G.
Riveralde in this bitch young and rich macaroni bitch
Two-door 6 B watch me shift touchdown ref get off my dick
Middle finger when I see the  fuck police
I got your salary hangin off my neckpiece
And to every nigga don't like me may you rest in piece
When I die label me a motherfuckin beast




Uhh uhh they goin for 30 just sold 20
Got pajamas on and I still feel like money
 Tied this down my new hoes 20
The Beemer made me look 30 the Benz on 20's
Hell she talkin businee and lookin for it you got any?
The L stash smash well hurry hurry bring plenty
 The full truck gank came we hungry in the streets
This dry town ain't rained for weeks
I'm still posted in the paint try and stay on my pivot
I might travel in a minute they better hurry and send it
 We independent lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










My pants saggin low like a young nigga
I'm twistin up the drough like a young nigga
I am in the club thirty deep like a young nigga
I'm still in the streets like a young nigga
Like a young nigga this one is for the young niggas
Where ya from nigga this ones for the young niggas 


Yeah most my niggas rob they ain't gotta job
I got a couple young niggas that'll take the charge
So I don't bring a bodyguard I bring my entourage
Stop the track pause... R.I.P. to Camoflouge
I am about to pull my yellow 'rarri out the car garage
I got some young niggas that'll hide your body parts


Twistin fingers in the club I'm a young nigga
Got them old niggas sayin I love that young nigga
Your whole click buyin shots y'all some broke niggas
Pants saggin flag hangin I'm a young nigga
In the car strapped up with them guns nigga
We shootin at the police just for fun nigga


Yeah most my niggas rob they ain't gotta job
I got a couple young niggas that'll take the charge
So I don't bring a bodyguard I bring my entourage
Stop the track pause... R.I.P. to Camoflouge
I am about to pull my yellow 'rarri out the car garage
I got some young niggas that'll hide your body parts


Ray Charles vision screamin wheres the competetion?
Lot of rappers on the corner man they swag missing
I'm on that young nigga shit shiesty ass niggas at my shows run for bricks
Gucci said I'm going hard Flocka on this shit
Old school swag got these hoes on my dick
I'm allowed to pick I'm like which girl to get?
Pulled up on some onset yellow and black whip
I'm on my Wiz Khalifa shit I don't do no papers
Fresh up on them papers lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Wooh Da Kid)




Southside


You decide tuck in yo' pride
I ain't waitin I ain't got no patience
Raised by the Grove I ain't got an education
24/7 shorty fuck a vacation
Wak's a real nigga why you goin to the station?
Damn D-Mars why these fuck niggaz hatin?
Can't replace why God had to fake 'em?
Free my nigga Moe 25 he facin
Lafayette Grove Street that's my nation
Hoes on point never losin concentration
New black 'rarri got a nigga tryin race it
Fresh 'fro gives a simple wave to the Haitians
Silver rotation got a nigga on point
Haste with the case when the shit gon' stop?
Run up on me click click click pop
 Pop many body drop
I'm the Brick Squad crop the crowd real Waka Flock'
Man you rag dude you go hard 
I am Brick Squad crowd yell out SQUAD 
I'm livin it hell I'm only scared of God


S-suicide paint  suicide rims 
Suicide loud I got them suicide friends 
Suicide bitches they'll kill for a nigga 
Call it suicide run up on me fuck nigga 
Homicide purp  homicide vert' 
Homicide yo' ass and put yo' ass on a shirt 
Homicide ice homicide life 
Homicide yo' kids and yo' motherfuckin wife 


I'ma rich man sparkin a rich man coughin
Dead man walkin dead man talkin
I'm the man with the grams get your bags get your weight
Call me baker man cuse I can bake a cake 
Drop top 'rarri called the headless horseman
Cooking up babies call the shit abortions
Roamin through the 6 like a motherfukin orphan
Like Vick I killed your road dawg and put him in a coffin
When it's on again grab a tote again no pad or pen I gotta win
BSM and 1017 my whole Squad be goin in
Suicide is a homicide I smoke so much my brain is fried
 and Ferrari toys pullin up lookin like the Gotti boys




Doors go up we just call it suicide
I ain't playin I'm just prayin it's a homicide
It's 1017 that means it's time for BSM
Bread to win that's on Pop Joe the Boss and Bim
Test what? Test that test this
Your bet your real lab rat I'll let her test dick
Running with the  I ain't talkin 
I put 7 on your chest like M dot Vick
Murder nigga murder nigga
Real short fuse I hurt a nigga
Wood Da Kid Wooh Da lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Yeahhhhhhh
It's Gucci  Flocka!!
 Ferrari Boyz in the building
Vrooom vroom vroom vroom vroom vroom
Catch up!!


Everybody know I got a sack man
I got the whole hood shoppin when the pack in
You never mix business with new friends
All black Benz you can call it Pac-Man


25 to 10 9 and the fo'-five on me 
I don't need no co-D do it by my lonely
 gangsters man they so 
24/7 all I do is hustle
Old folks in the hood call me demon
Triple cup styrofoam I sip lean man
Straight slow slippin man my finger itchy
I been rappin for three years man I need a mission
Young boys on that Grove Street man they trappin hard
Hit the club 50 deep fuck a bodyguard
They say Waka Flocka always startin riots
Get money good motherfuck a dyin




I'm the Pac-Man but it's not Adam Jones
Bitch it's Gucci Mane double cup my styrofoam
I'm on it like I want it I make you think your house was on it
I got blocks plus everybody in here want it
Me and Wak' Flock' come from the block straight drop a whole block
Chop it up then serve the block call it hip-hop
Pac-Man with bags of loud and bags of kush I'm bankin
I just got 'bout 50 in and I broke 'em down to onions
I'm servin or splurgin you snitchin you workin
I drop off on purpose yo' cook-ups are worthless
I'm searchin who's lurkin you jerkin I'm turfin
I just got the pack in lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Ha! This dem Ferrari Boyz - catch up!
BURR! Catch up! Catch up!


She stoned she stoned she gone off that Patron
I gave that bitch a hundred dollars just to leave me 'lone
Tell the waitress bring mo' bottles up cause she can keep the chaser
Lil' momma switchin by my section she want me to chase her 
Wasted on moscato but I'm losin my patience
I'm tellin her come go with me but all her homegirls hatin 
Like Fred Flintstone I'm a rolling stone 
My best friend is Barney so you know I'm rollin strong 
Shawty in the zone dress with the thong
Every nigga in the club tryin to take her home 
Shawty in the zone dress with the thong
And every player in the club tryin to take her home 


Ay let's get stoned  I'm so stoned
Like Fred Flintstone I got a partner named Barney
and he keep me in the zone the whole club stoned
The whole world stoned and tonight we 'bout to party
like we just came home; ay let's get stoned 
Like Fred Flintstone I got a partner named Barney
and he keep me in the zone the whole club stoned
The whole world stoned tonight we 'bout to party like we just came home


Put your blunts in air hookahs in the air
Put your lighter in the air if you tryin to get stoned
Tonight I'm puttin on I swear to God I'll survive
Bitch I am that high! Yes I am stoned
Drinkin on Obama it's rainin white liquor
Gucci pass the dutches I don't do no Swishers
Rock yellow stones rock red stones
Bitch my money long poppin pills and blowin strong
I'm a 'Stone Cold' flexer Steve Austin 
Every concert man I'm gone  stoned
In my zone hater leave me alone be gone
Bird chains in the air - screamin as I yell




When you hear this song
The crowd gon' be jumpin up and down
Screamin I'm stoned! 
White Remy Martin can't drink Patron
Lost my keys I can't even make it home


E'rybody in here gone all my homeboys stoned
My dogs just came home ball like the Georgia Dome
Thinkin - it's back on drinkin - that there Patron
It's over I'm loaded we toasted lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Slim Dunkin)



She got a car a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag she known
One of a type she cant be cloned
No hands for her ringtone
Hard in the paint her theme song
That's my gutta chick
Man I love that bitch
The way she look and moan 
When she taking it
And dont mind McDonalds
Aint no bougie bitch
When I wake up
Breakfast on the table a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag shes going in it's serious you a cock blocker
These True Religion not the knock off
My camera chain is an eye problem
Imma stunt stunt a bill on a half a mil
Ice crem Gucci Mane can I live?
Chick knows I got a rubber dick
You know what gone in 60 secs is?
A movie Im being me
Just cooling and my DVD
And my BVDs are so I-C-E
Y to the G-U-C-C-I

She got a car a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag a job a swag lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










She don't want liquor she just want wine
She just my kind: long hair fat behind
They say we're intertwined we belong together
In the club throwing money up changing weather
G's on my sweater all I get is cheddar
Money go-getters: Waka Flocka and 2 Timez
Gucci - sup I said to the Haitians
Waddup Luchi. Free my nigga Zoe
40K for a show. Practice what I preach
Shawty Mane that's all I know
Triple cup styrofoam's got me walking slow
I'm smoking on reefer me Gucci and Wiz Khalifa


Smoking on reefer make a bitch out
And leave her. Comment trough a speaker
Grind in my 2-seater
Cause I got a fleet-a
Send em work like it ain't a leak-a
I practice what I preach-a
If you ain't got a game I could teach ya


I got a murder charge now for the tracks I murdered
Like a nigga turned around I'm going back to work
Got a smirk on my face cause I smoke the purp
Gucci boy now they doing a search
And I ain't been lame but tame your dame
Cause you should be ashamed how she's off the chain
I'm insane in the brain like Saddam Hussain
I got a brink of extra change of this extra 'caine
It's crazy Dwayne just counting strange
Me and Waka Flocka Flame on a private plane
With 2 bad ass bitches bout to run a train
Like an organ donor baby loan the brain


Smoking on reefer make a bitch out
And leave her.  speaker
Grind in my 2-seater
Cause I got a fleet-a
Send em work like it ain't a leak-a
I practice what I preach-a
If you ain't got a game lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(with Waka Flocka Flame feat. Slim Dunkin)




Mr. Zone 6'er rock two pistols  
Fucked three sisters iced out crystals
Mi-Mr. Zone 6'er Mi-Mr. Zoner 6'er


I'm too hood I'm too turnt 
Ain't been an hour and a quarter pound burnt
Mr. Zone 6'er rock two pistols 
Fucked three sisters iced out crystals
Tell you like you wanna know iced out shorty
Got a glow blue block party and you better know 
Fuckin bitches every show one for the cheese
Two for the ki's three's for the P's go for the O.G.'s
I'm so sleaze I hit your main squeeze 
Rollin on 30's like you rollin on D's 
It beez Gucci Goo-Wop
In the South top Beemer that's convertible top


I'm too fuckin loyal; you too fuckin spoiled
Bitch I'm gone off that hard Brick Squad we barred
Them boys are high 
We ballin out  - I'm too fuckin loyal


They said I'm steamin I'm bubblin from the fire up
You got loud better fire it up
Call me a one-hit wonder I'll switch my flow up
Drop  with Roscoe Dash now I've blowin up
I'm  everywhere you see me is money on the ground
'Caine one bleaches me in for a pound 
Higher than a motherfucker I smoked 'bout a pound
I love to throw hundreds screamin stripper bitch drown!
Girls all around me run me down
I drink go bomb  me round
Pants down Brick Squad we the shit
Waka Flocka Flame the 2011  Mitch




Brick Squad young'n
Catch me with a groupie chick I be on my groupie shit
Hotel motel try and shoot a groupie flick
Bang bang skeet skeet Sturdy Pete blew the crib
Dumped out the flag fuck coolin with the stewardess
Hoe like OH MY GOD look in my garage
This ain't no facade sleepwalkin on them bars
I got me on free link get me the Z
Red Bull give me wings pit be robbin ching
Money I'ma get to it neckpiece igloo it
Shoot a hundred bet a hundred crapped out and redo it
It ain't nuttin to a boss nigga lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










White Brick Mob
Brick Squad White Girl Mob
Brick Squad White Girl Mob
White Brick Mob bitches


Why we gotta kill shit?
Me and Gucci talking real shit
Cars on top of cars I'ma call it whip appeal bitch
Whip appeal bitch
Whip appeal bitch
Cars on top of cars I'ma call it whip appeal bitch

No I'm not a scholar
I'm drinking out the bottle
Only fuck with models
If she ain't dead fine than there ain't no need to holler
Yeah I'm a baller
My swag through the roof
And your girlfriend is the truth
We got a room at the Ramada
She don't want to be bothered
You callin' like a father
You actin' like a toddler
You need a role model
I'm Polo with the Prada
I'm balling on you niggas like a Harlem Glodetrotter
I'm walking with a waddle
You make believe niggas Harry Potter
Amigo friends might recommend the whole enchilada
Your girlfriend is a quitter
You should spit or you saliva
I'm Gucci Mane the mobster
Not a jocker not a blogger



Gucci let's get 'em
Got that AR chopper
Come through the front door
Left them at the doctor
Now we up a hundred more bands that's proper
No need for a preacher
Pray to me I'll be your father
Hide the young ones cause I'm coming for your daughter
If you ain't selling pussy I ain't gon' bother
Got a pornstar a ho and a model
In the club we do big shit
Pop a hundred bottles
We gettin' hoes wet
They gon' need goggles
They said get that gas
So I'm on that full throttle
If I had a dick than I'd tell that bitch to swallow
Thirty in my clip and I'm letting out hallows



LA Raiders
Bo Jackson
Making love to the money
Oh I'm so passionate
Hood stripes Chuck Taylors low khakis
Scraping in that new V looking V-Nasty
Selling snow in the winter I ain't cold yet
That's why I'm an OG and I ain't Old yet
South Central Murder Dubs Killer California
Bend the wrong corner
You'll be sicker than pneumonia
Police told me to freeze
And my watch to chill
Whip the work into a SLS
Whip Appeal
Powder so fresh lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics











So much cash that a nigga can't hold it
I walk around with bands on me nigga I'm loaded
Nigga I'm loaded fuck nigga I'm loaded
All this money on me I can't tote it
I think I need help cause a young nigga loaded
Nigga I'm loaded fuck nigga I'm loaded

My pockets got them  like professor klump
I'm in a rarrari so the front yea that's what a trunk
I'm smoking thousand dollar blunts it smell like a skunk
I got pine a purple drink I'm a strike the punch
I took the bitch for breakfast but I gave a  for lunch
I got three hundred thousand dollars eat my captain crunch
I get these bitches what they want I get like a flaunt
She just wanna address some  wanna smoke a shunt
Oh that's yo girl? man don't get your panties in a bunch
You know she gobble on ma balls like they crunchy munch
I ball four quarter straight I don't ever punt
I'm in the club everyday you just want so much



Nasty white girl
Stacks in my house don't need a bank account
So much mula a bitch can't even count
Grab a stack don't hesitate to spend it all
Went to Lennox fuck duck the whole malls
Stacks in my attic stacks in my carpet
Stacks in my mattress bitch look at my apartment
Yea you see that paper coming out apartments
White brick mob look wah we just started
Leave ours haters stanking like that muhfucker farted
Yo bitch just mad cause my shoes she can't afford it
Tweet another bitch yes ho I imported
Bring the mural checks cause bitch I'm important!



King of my city you know I am the baydestrian
All this polo on you know I am any question
My super model bitch bad if she is a lesbian
She let a white girl mob she can join cause she mexican
I am not a actor don't play me like a desbian
My porno bitch a factor she just wanna a adian
Shout out to trey I'm living like a maybian
I bought the bar out they at the door saying let me in
I rock a lot Gucci Gucci lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









S'Gucci! Ziggy!


Well my trap house be bunking hard all the time
Money sticking out my pockets like a porcupine
I hope this cocaina cross the borderline
I made a million dollars just with this lil fork of mine
I'm in the kitchen whippin deuces up like half the time
The other half the time I'm busy somewhere on the grind
Any  trappin 9 days
Don't give a fuck about what they say my nigga: crime pays
Gucci! Twenty thousand in singles but I tossed it
I used to have a top but then I lost it
I used to have a conscience but I lost it
I boss so hard that I'm exhausted! It's Gucci!

More more
Hate me some fuckin more!
I love it when you hate me
It make my money grow


Where my money? I think it's on that new shit
On my fucking block I ain't never gotta prove shit
Every time you see me you know I'm rocking new shit
I got a new whip off of a new bitch
Shit I do this you know what the truth is
Bitch ain't like me cause I'm cocky and I'm ruthless
The bitch is bummy no money she is useless
I got them fuckin choppers that'll really go through shit
Hold up I'm way better than the average
In my city I ain't nothing but a savage
So many cars garage look like traffic
When I pull my whips out you know I'm causing damage

More more
Hate me some fuckin more!
I love it when you hate me
It make my money grow


I'm a quarterback I take a quarter out
And but a quarter back and help harvest that
It's that ice attack when I rob my chain
When the girls see me catch a heart attack
Told her scrubbin that's a well-known fact
 what you know about that?
Kill the ho where your hoes at?
Nigga beef with me now how smart was that?
I'm goin in like a curfew
Like yesterday you old news
In the studio with chrome tools
No engineers lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics











I think they mad cause I'm relevant
Big choppers put holes in elephants
I got a bad bitch and she's elegant
Bet a hundred thousand that bitch selling it
I'm on the block bitch I'm doing hella shit
Them suckers over there looking is irrelevant
I got a bolo coming from Mexico
And if the bitches talking gas they ass like Texaco
I'm a reckless ho you can't check this ho
Bitch my outfit cost more than your necklace ho
And I'm doing shit that you never seen before
Having withdrawals man hurry where my blow


Fuck you! Bitch fuck your mama too!
You can't fuck with us
You can't do what we do


I got a swag so sick make the whole crowd cough
I got a Lamborghini hit the gas the bitch get lost
You with a loser need to lose him it's not your loss
I got a suburban tender she stay in Norcross
I'm a boss you's a worker boy go jerk off
Brick Squad on the stage know our shirts off
And I'm horny as a rhino and her ass soft
I got a fetish for a fine ho... I break her off
Let's get it on let's get it in
Let's get it on do it again
So bring a friend if you want to
Don't tell me what you won't do
Want me like I want you? All night long!
Let's get it on!




I fuck her you lick her
I hit her and pass her
The number at the light I'mma fuck her by tonight
She say a friend to dice she allergic to the pipe
Angie ridin' around no shoes fuckin' quittin' on dudes
10k from my parents
Same shoes on clearance
Fuck your mama your sister and your kids
Would say fuck your girl but I already did
I be in and out her jaw can't go in and out her raw
And I got them birds lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Ha ha ha
Trap service announcement
Real niggers is back
DJ Holiday
Holiday season!
Gucci
Trap back

When I first started back in 1995
I wasn't moving keys I was buying 1.5
I started coming up
Junkies recognize my face
Paid a quarter million dollars just to beat a murder case
Holiday season

When I first started back in 1995
I wasn't moving keys I was buying 1.5
I started coming up
Junkies recognize my face
Paid a quarter million dollars just to beat a murder case
Holiday season

When I first started back in 1995
I wasn't moving keys I was buying 1.5
I started coming up
Junkies recognize my face
Paid a quarter million dollars just to beat a murder case
They used to run up on me be like 
I tell them 
And everywhere I go it became an instant cut
Cause they knew I had those 20's and them big fat monkey nuts

Can't be scared of the dark when you come from miles apart
Shooting dice and playing cards selling blow out of the park
Had it fresh on your sister but I used to sell your mama
Breaking 50's down to dimes was my job for the summer
And my job for the winter cooking bricks all in the kitchen
Junkies dead at the carwash cause I heard that they was snitching
Sure jumping like a chill man and help me buy my tills
Dope D. Willy used to finger fuck my rims
They forgetting on my name so they used to call me Black
If you beat me for a twenty beat ya I'm a call you back
She on the dope man dick cause I'm a nigger with a sack
I'm the hustler of the year and I know that for a fact

When I first started back in 1995
I wasn't moving keys I was buying 1.5
I started coming up
Junkies recognize my face
Paid a quarter million dollars just to beat a murder case
Holiday season
They used to run up on me be like 
I tell them 
And everywhere I go it became an instant cut
Cause they knew I had those 20's and them big fat monkey nuts

Huh
Price so low that it comin' through snow
Standin' at the store and I'm selling yae-yo
Bought a brick yesterday got a full way to go
On the highway everything got to go
Fifty on the table a hundred on the floor
Middle of the summer but I'm'a make it snow
Like a chill pet my money don't grow
Still servin' niggers through my burglar bars though
Shorty G's and a little afro
8 ball check it and the flow stash milks
I don't get credit that's how niggers get killed
And if you got a tilt then your car get pelt
17 going to the 5-5-9
Like a blind man I don't see no lines
Thirteen when the nigger did his first crime
Eighteen when the nigger bought his first 9
If I don't fly then the show ain't flying
Picking up dope but the J's keep buying
Rob a Q lurk and I know they trying
Try Gucci Mane their ass be dying
Let me take you back in time
Let Gucci Mane refresh your mind
I'm a dope boss they on my grind
I could pluck you so hard!

When I first started back in 1995
I wasn't moving keys I was buying 1.5
I started coming up
Junkies recognize of my face
Paid a quarter million dollars just to beat a murder case
They used to run up on me lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Holiday season

Quiet quiet quiet
And I'll be being quiet quiet
I let my money talk for me cause I'll be being quiet
Scoochy


Do anybody know somebody who know somebody?
Who know somebody who know somebody who got the mollys
Karate Kid but I don't even know karate
Kush got my eyes low like Mr. Miyagi
East Atlanta Santa yeah my stomach fat and jolly
Fucked up 50 grand in Vegas with my nigga 
Got the battle of the bands going in my Robin's
And if you think of robbin Gucci you gon have some problems...
Servin pizza pies all my pies got extra toppings
And I be shittin on all these niggas just like pigeon droppings
30 grand in all hundreds I don't do the wallet
And I'm about to fly to New York cause I'm going shoppin


I take a brick break off a brick and cook a deuce
Way I'm beating up all these babies call it child abuse
Way I'm beating that white girl that's domestic violence
And my money talk for me cause I be being quiet


Quiet quiet cause I be being quiet
I let my money talk for me because I'm being quiet


Break a 4-way off a brick and then I'm bout to fry it
My money gettin obese your shit is on a diet
I sip lean all day every day until the kid is tired
I make em search for that  cause this pussy's wired
If you think you can defeat me fuck it nigga try it
I got squares all in my trunk I think he wanna buy it
Got a G-4 but I do not have no one to fly it
I'm so fly that I might stop rappin and be a pilot
Gucci Mane the shit and you can't deny it
I got the game in a knot and you can't untie it
I let my money do the talking lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Quiet
No man I can't be quiet
Shit every time I talk that's brig fair
Holiday season bitch
Holiday
See that's twenty eight five right there ha ha
Mike Will made it
Yo Gucci
I know you looking like bout ten burns
We walk in the club nigger
You know this
Holiday season
Trap back baby
The streets is hungry
Let's go


80 grand in my Robin jeans
It's hot outside but I'm cooling it
Top on now but I'm losing it
Mind gone with a foreign chick
With a Tech-9 with a cooling kit
Had the black jeans with wings on em
Gucci shoes... No shoes strings!
Say every word mean two things
So the white girl is my boo thing
Cause all come in due time
I'm in a drop head at the blue flan
And I don't wanna see no new faces
Cause I don't like to learn no new names
I goto sleep in foreign places
Wake up count big faces
Stuff cash in suitcases
Pillow cases I'm two faced


I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit.


Millionaire with True's on
I'm a stash house with shoes on
Put a million dollars in my new home
And a quarter million in my trap house
Put a half of mill in your bank account
You can serve dope in my zone
Cooking to work with them gloves on
So the jocks can get that grub on
I'm a OG with a capital letters
On capital add with white letters
In a 68' Camaro no top on
I'm put together I got salt and pepper
No Spinderella Stupid cheese
That's Mozzarella Bust 'em open
Put 'em back together
Then sell it to you ahead of schedule


I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit.


I heard the price tag on my head 
I'm a walking lick 
Nigga come and try
You gon end up dead bitch
 yeah road kill
My nigga they so for real
Twenty minutes from my hood
I don't need no house on the hill 
Reaching for my tech
Your mama better write your will
Shit gon get ugly my youngest pop bout two pills 
Real nigga before and with this record deal
Me and Gucci Mane bitch we hard to kill.


I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
I'm a walking lick
I'm a talking brick talking shit
Walking Lick lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Holiday season is Gucci
Holiday season is Gucci
Plain Jane plain Jane
Ppplain Jane plain Jane


I know my body took a lot of -EHH
Lungs smoke a lot of stink
Bladder piss a lot of pink
Cause that lean I like to drink
My face got a lot of tats
My girl got a lot of gold
My mouth talk a lot of shit
My dick fuck a lot of hoes
My stomach be filled with shrimp
Legs limping like a pimp
Gazelles on my fuckin' frame
Waves all in my temp
My mind it be on the prize
Hands on with the 9
My trap house it keep a line
Cause I'm sellin' 
Gucci Mane a millionaire
My house I be seldom there
I always be on the road
Bank account got several O's
My britches be true religion
In my kitchen cookin' chickens
Smoking Swishers bustin' Phillies
Bought two 'Rarri's spent the million


This watch right here cost ninety thousand Plain Jane
But I'm a put some rocks off in it anyway
You haters they gon' hate on you like anyway
So I am gonna put some words on my shit anyway
Anyway anyway anyway
I dumped her I can find another any day
Any day anyway anyway anyway
It's not that hot outside but I'm a drop it anyway


Maybach's in way back
Said Maybach yes it's out back
I mean out back my spent bitch
She's got a fat ass and some big tits
I fuck with her cause her accent
With hew blow cause it accent my Louis V shades
Plus it match the Ace of Spades
Oh newborns talking automats
Got two one plain chain one ice though
Nigga try it me knock some lights out
Got goonies but I'm hands-on run a check up my mans on
That is A1 FBG free Boosie free BG
You don't want to stand in the way I'm a don hoe
Your house the size of my condo I just rap
Shit for the fun hoe last over time free Rocko
Young dimes so old school to where street songs
Where the money at I want some songs
You main bitch and your little sis
You know what time it is nigga it's three some


This watch right here cost ninety thousand Plain Jane
But I'm a put some watch off in it anyway
You haters they gonna hate on you like in a way
So I am gonna put some words on my shit anyway
Anyway in a way anyway way
I thought that I can find another any day
Any day in a way anyway in a way
It's not that hot outside but I'm a drop it anyway


I drop the top like 
I'm not in no lil' Cutlass
I pull up in a 
I know it cost my budget
I know the bitches love it
I got haters disgusted
I'm smoking on that mustard
I'm from east Atlanta and I say it loud
Got a black Ferrari because I'm black and proud
I got a yellow one it's like salt and pepper
When I put 'em together they stand out
I'm a biker hitchhiker- That's what you are with your thumb out
Got a Spyker with some rims on it lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Get it back get it back
Bitch I know I get it back
Give a fuck bout that little paper
Cause I know I get it back


I got cash cash on fire
Cash on hand cash on deck
Give me everything 3 X
And all 12's up off that rack
Wash my stash with Ajax
Me and Tit back to back
And we ridin' around smoking Kush by the pound
Like how it ride but we love how it sound
Drop-top Lam so low to the ground
Just like a snail I'm close to the earth
Waves on my temp so a ho gotta surf
Hollering rock - when you're scared go to church
Me and Slim Dunk in the club throwing racks
Go into the trap and I get it right back
Want 10 bricks? You can get it right now
Pull to the trap house come to the back
Riding domestic with the trunk in the back
Riding in a foreign so the trunk in the front
Sixty thousand cash just for me to roll blunts
Standing in front blowing kush through her dress
Five grand just to see her dance
Ten grand just to see her tats
Jump in the corner and he smoking on her clit
Waiting on you so he get it right back




In the club throwin' money
I done run through me some racks
Give a fuck bout that little paper
I know I get it back
Get it back get it back
Bitch I know I get it back
Give a fuck bout that little paper
Cause I know I get it back


Get it back get it back
Yeah you know I get it back
Shorty say she want my name
So I bought that bitch a tat
I walk in this bitch with racks
Tell them come and get this paper
Yeah my bitch is made in Asia
And I'm icy like a glacier
Get your baby momma
Take her then make her
You date her then fuck her
I fuck her then date her
Everything is on the up
Like a elevator
Gucci Mane and Tity Boi
College Park and Decatur
Now I do it for the haters
Started with a Buick LeSabre
Ended with that Ferrari
Tell me lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








I don't wanna have to push your cap back
Homie he just say he want his girl back
In a drop top I'm a push the top back
I was gone for a second but the kid back
If you ever cross me I'm a get some payback
Close the curtain on them haters in my Maybach
Put a hole in your motherfuckin' snapback
It's Gucci Mane bitch so you can say the Trap Back

I'm back at em it's back on
I'm that strong I'm back home
Me and Flockavelli and Wooh da Kid
He got a nine I got a six
I do it huge we do it big
Got a hundred bricks stuffed em in the fridge 
Two hundred piece stuffed it in the attic
I'm a drug addict bitch I gotta have it
I got a gift I can water whip I can flip a brick I can triple up
Need a hundred mill fuck a record deal cause a couple millions just not enough
Sell your momma a zip of dust serve your daddy a ounce of hard
Got your little sister on the molly she done went through the whole squad

I don't wanna have to push your cap back
Homie he just say he want his girl back
In a drop top I'm a push the top back
I was gone for a second but the kid back
If you ever cross me I'm a get some payback
Close the curtain on them haters in my Maybach
Put a hole in your motherfuckin snapback
It's Gucci Mane bitch so you can say the Trap Back

Making money's my hobby flipping bricks is my passion
Home girl in the lobby  I'm just asking'
I ain't mean to be rude boo but you know I'm that dude true
More birds than Atlanta Zoo going in like a curphew
I lost my mind and my train of thought and my top all at the same time
If you sendin' them birds across the country then we probably got the same grind
I'm an OG like my daddy I'm a hustla' like my momma
I'm a stack my bread up all winter so I can ball out all summer
Got foreign choppas Osama smoke presidential Obama
Got that bald head got that skinhead that white girl Sinead O'Connor
Make em drop dead I'm in the drop head I'm... I'm santa
I need a crown cause I'm standing down I'm the king of east Atlanta

I don't wanna have to push your cap back
Homie he just say he want his girl back
In a drop top I'm a push the top back
I was gone for a second but the kid back
If you ever cross me I'm a get some payback
Close the curtain on them haters in my Maybach
Put a hole in your motherfuckin snapback
It's Gucci Mane bitch lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








One time my big dog coach K
You still wanna do
My nigger twin
My nigger Mojo
Oh it's holiday season nigger
One test
BG 

Gucci was sick no antitode
Their wrist the size of cantaloupe
I'm a close my home boy LO
God damn this Shorty got a camel toe
I don't have a zone like a iPhone or a laptop or a iPad
So I make money like a ball player
So my pockets look like five pair
I'm a mad at the field put the truck in the real
Five mill yea that's Gucci
Smoke a blunt pop a pill
Start a line
Who cares?
Get the popcorn out it's a movie
Sir Mixalot Sir Drinksalot
Got a big ol' watch as my time clock
Push the button in my tall drop
And I ain't even had to go to no chop shop

You niggers think the same I think the opposite
Put my trunk in the front that's the opposite
Alright good spread the paint her chocolate
Steering wheel on the side that's the opposite
Gucci Mane south side thinking opposite
Little stack in cabins but I'm smoking broccoli
You gon pay or eat the box on the opposite
I-I-I'm a record cut her off that's the opposite

Money don't make me I make money
These niggers fronting I'm too real
Smoke big stank got big bank
I'm heart-stopping
I'm hard t kill
Like a hundred million ain't God willing
Leave a hundred million to my little children
Got no ceiling and no feelings
I'm the truth nigger that's what it is
Got two million on my ice bill
Roll 'em cause I'm on two pills
I'm throwing money like a wind mill
I'm so cold lower in the windshield
In the Maseratti I'm count the row
Me and Mojo and I'm blowing drow
Cause you're filthy rich I might be
That's' your best edit? I think so

You niggers think the same I think the opposite
Put my trunk in the front that's the opposite
Alright good spread the paint her chocolate
Steering wheel on the side that's the opposite
Gucci Mane south side thinking opposite
Little stack in cabins but I'm smoking broccoli
You gon pay or eat the box on the opposite
I-I-I'm a record cut her off that's the opposite

I was locked up no sun shine
Now I'm out and I'm balling too hard
Got two scrubs no bigger
My jury game is retard
Like a six shot I'm fully loaded
At Magic city I'm getting loaded
Smoke so many blunts with your girlfriend
I thought that her head exploded
It's gooey wap and then new drop
I got 4 O's in my soda pop
So faded I'm so wasted
I thought that I had dread locks
Making money at a fast pace
Don't come out here cause it ain't safe
Roll orange and I drink grape
I can't feel my damns face

You niggers think the same I think the opposite
Put my trunk in the front that's the opposite
Alright lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Holiday season bitch
Shouts out 10 17 brick squad
Waka what it do? Monopoly
You know it is A1 what up?
I see the future
Holiday season

Ever since I got brick fair
I never look back there
If you ain't from the zone six
Then Shorty don't go there
I might die a bachelor
Girlfriend I don't want that
I already smashed her
So don't even go there
Ever since I got brick fair

Said them boys don't play fair
I'm from east atlanta zone six
And the kid got rich there
Hell yea we got bails there
And you know we got bricks there
If the police pull me over
I'll probably get the damn chair
First one off the bench nigga
You can call me The Six Man
A lot of squares in my living room
Aka I'm The Brick Man
And I heard that you a snitch player
So we gon throw you in the ditch player
The way I wrestle with the work nigga
People call me Rig Flare

Ever since I got brick fair
I never look back there
If you ain't from the zone six
Then Shorty don't go there
I might die a bachelor
Girlfriend I don't want that
I already smashed her
So don't even go there
Ever since I got brick fair

Dirty as fuck dirty ass pistol
My lil a goon in the hood an' he just wait for me to hit 'em
Do you got a body for me beggin on the line
And when I do it would you do or not
Hit 'em in the head
I had a extra five pushin weight like I'm doing exercise
Moving up the interstate and I got the bales an' pies
I go Pauli Castellano
I'm a mafia Santano
I got accepted to the mob and i think
I'm Tony Soprano
Without the TV you wanna be me if you see me
This A1 FBGB we hit onxy on our PT
He water all our CG
I make real movies in HD
I'm an astronaut in my real life
I promise you can't see me

Ever since I got brick fair
I never look back there
If you ain't from the zone six
Then Shorty don't go there
I might die a bachelor
Girlfriend lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Holiday season
Ha ha
Huh?
Ok G
Put your motherfucking hands in the air you ghetto nigger
Oh it's holiday season nigger

Wanna see me you can find me on the block where them boys don't play
I'll be ghetto
Put your put your put your hood up in the sky like a rap way stay
I'll be ghetto

My ride is a chariot
My bitch is a Francis
I live in the ghetto
Feel like it's a mansion
Think I was in prison
 our chances
I'm on a mission of madness
It's like ghetto in Kansas
Ghetto Nebraska
Ghetto Alaska
Ghetto East Africa
Ghetto Australia
Lock up a mayor to loop a fair
Gucci I'm from the ghettos of 

Ghetto
Wanna see me you can find me on the block where them boys don't play
I'll be ghetto
Put your put your put your hood up in the sky like a rap way stay
I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'm from the ghetto
I'm from the ghetto
Nigger I'm so ghetto
I'll be the ghetto
Ghetto

Huh remember with my family
They move 
Money in my IT
No food in pantry
Sometimes we ass it
Like acid Bassett
No dance 
Just have them wham it
I know it's damaged
It hard to madness
But I leave the sadness
So I'm handing Grammy's
I was had to hand it
Yes I knew what's happening
But you can't imagine
So let me take you to the

Ghetto
Wanna see me you can find me on the block where them boys don't play
I'll be ghetto
Put your put your put your hood up in the sky like a rap way stay
I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'll be ghetto
Yea I'm from the ghetto
I'm from the ghetto
Nigger I'm so ghetto
I'll be the ghetto
Ghetto

Just look at me little me
A-line I'm on the grind
Valentine doing double time
Ask my mama lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Drum Squad and Gucci
Gucci Mane and Drumma
Bankrolls got dumber
Cause we ain't getting no younger
Comma after comma
Comma after comma
Comma after comma
It's Gucci Mane and Drumma


Fell in love with bricks
Damn I love my club
My girlfriend broke up with me
Cause she said she tired of them drugs
Hang around with thugs
Make a move with g's
I'm a stack my cheese
And I'm a sell my p's
Yeah I'm from the A
A lot of B's and C's
That's Bloods and Crips
Can't forget GD's
Pause the track for a second
I just wanna say thank you
All this money I made
I don't wanna be ungrateful


My earrings ten kilos
I'm going crazy like Cee-Lo
Stack a whole bunch of zeroes
But don't go tell my P.O
My dope got a vertical
It jump from the free-throw
My kush got a real loud smell
You could smell the shit from Rio
Count a hundred in serial
Peanut butter interior
My jewelry game on Frigidaire
My watch cold as Siberia
Gucci Mane is you serious?
Hell yeah I'm serious
Red watch with the red chain
My diamonds on they period
I'm thugged out and I'm plugged in
These other niggas is suspect
Don't know who let all these scrubs in
My top down but I'm upset
All hundreds got no change
He wanna change the subject
Millionaire with a mansion
But I came up in the projects




All the money I made
I don't wanna be ungrateful
Shout out to my blood
I wanna tell him thank you
Thank you for them drugs
Thank you for them bails
Thank you for them bricks
Got to use my scale
Got to check my pack
Got to run up my sacks
Got ballplayer money nigga check my stats
That's a well-known fact
I'm a cook it up like this
Work my wrist like that
Got a old-school in this black
Rapper and trapper wear two hats
I got dirty money like Diddy
Need to wash them stacks with Ajax
Call me Gucci Mane lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Face card face card
Why use your bank card when you can use your face card?!


Flow on them thugs remember my face
Park my car in front of the place
No one interrupting my space
And I ball hard cause I got racks in my safe
Eat so good I got to say grace
Girls wanna fuck me on the first date
What am I gon do with all these big faces
New Gucci boots before the shoe laces
Smoking on purp that smell just like grapes
And I don't smoke mid I don't like the taste
Buy my ace of spades by the case and I don't have to pay I just use my face


Face card face card
Why use your bank card when you can use your face card?!


Get ya grass cut so I see the snakes
Hoes congregate like I'm Diddy chase
B! tches fuck with me they know that I'm straight
Then applaud give me cakes and skilled to my face
Got to save a whore go put on your case
I fuck her in the face then put her in place
I'm good everywhere for you it's not safe
And I keep a big pistol right on my waist
Sipping on lean that dropped me two ace
Hoes sixteen I can't feel my face
And they just let me out murder was the case
Had a shiny suit on like puffy hand made


Face card lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










White girl white girl shy girl shy girl
White girls white girls night girl night girl


I'm from East Atlanta where they cuttin off fangas
Got a white girlfriend she be acting up her anus
She can get you knocked off with a point of her fanga
And she don't talk to strangers she got red tangas
Got coke in a stranga and the lawyer retain her
So you hard so you soft she got all kinds of angles
And it's California kush she got me talking like I'm Done 
Playing with my money then I'm calling my attorney
And them people can't believe that Gucci man got jungle fever
And I think I love this girl because her price is hella cheaper
And like lu said it's better to loose a love than love a leaver
Running around town with them choppers about the same size...


I fell in love with that white girl 
I love them pretty little white white girls 
I'm in the spot full of white girls 
I'm in the drop with the white girl 
I fell in love with the white girl 
It was love at first sight girl 
I'm in a club full of white girls 
I'll be your boyfriend for the night girl 


Mexican hose Virgina you don't say
Chopper bullets rotate
Hundred round AK
Young nigga thugin bitch ya kno im color blind
Pocket full of money and all i stack is dollar signs
Im white girl crazy rich don't got lazy
Never been a racist cuz white girls pay me
My credit card black new bitch brown skin
Duffle bag full of that green shit
Ain't nothing like my white friend
White benz white on white
Rolling on my grown man
30 corners in that bitch narrow with them thangs
I love that white girl and I beat her like im OJ
Ridge Crest a promise junkies screaming like the OG


I fell in love with that white girl 
I love them pretty little white white girls 
I'm in the spot full of white girls 
I'm in the drop with the white girl 
I fell in love with the white girl 
It was love at first sight girl 
I'm in a club full of white girls 
I'll be your boyfriend for the night girl 


Creep out through the day creature of the night
Let her sit on your face she'll get you high as a kite
She knows just what you like I know just what you need
If them white girls you like bet I got one your type
Have a blonde for the day lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










If this a cold drop and why you waiting cold dope
Great liquor small lines in the dope house
And too far smoking cigars and dining room
Got birds everywhere this calls the dining room
Three hundred pound roll tight on the  room
And who the close act the money in the closet fool
I'm not a handles Gucci keeps a lot of tools
I teach nigga how to cut it like this bubble coop
Wait a minute just be patient I may take a minute
On the  dark say easy I'm in the kitchen and I'm water 
I hear the flickers em


Got cities scroll it got no money in my living room
Got birds everywhere I call it the chicken room
And I'm bout to move my bitch in my kitchen soon
That bird is everywhere I call it the chicken room
Got cities scroll it got no money in my living room
Got birds everywhere I call it the chicken room
And I'm bout to move my bitch in my kitchen soon
That bird is everywhere I call it the chicken room


I'm with my damn with my madam and I'm fat blunt
I call the ashes in the 
I'm having fun be my dawn celebrating fun
I need a bottle time what crack one
Me and Ross on the block what a 
I'm in the zone system I'm cool with my black gun
True religion 50 in my true religion
And they no  fifty in my rolly jeans
Ain't no whine chain you want to everything
You know my regime how money I means
I pray to your clan I pray to your roll I got a hundred things
I'm tryin to  y'all


Got cities scroll it got no money in my living room
Got birds everywhere I call it the chicken room
And I'm bout to move my bitch in my kitchen soon
That bird is everywhere I call it the chicken room
Got cities scroll it got no money in my living room
Got birds everywhere I call it the chicken room
And I'm bout to move my bitch in my kitchen soon
That bird is everywhere I call it the chicken room


Hey lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Introducing
Mike Will made it
Holiday season
Holiday season bitch

Don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Don't don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
It's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Don't don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me

All these fucking niggas are humble
Bring that shit back nigga
Bring that shit back man start that shit over man
Eight million euro I'm talking about man
Holiday season

Don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Don't don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
It's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Don't don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me

White boys doe boys
Ball players peons
White boys doe boys
Ball players... ball
White boys doe boys
Ball players peons
Pull up in Europeans
Back to back like it's a rerun
White boys doe boys
Ball players peons
Pull up in Europeans
Back to back like it's a rerun

My polo game is disgusting
You pussy niggas disgust me
Smoking on loud and its musty
Like Hammer 
I build a lot
I got bricks and milk
To take a BM up
That I designed myself
Save bottles man I don't need your help
Like a nigga in a casket I'm fresh to death
Count myself a whole jilt man
Man tittie boy on that bin shit
I like bad food I eat quick
Id have told ya'll I got three bricks
I'm ready like that's the disaster
Ini mini mynie mo which county goes faster?
My trap house I'm a get it it's council
Hey yellow bitch frying and her ass a little faster
Gucci Mane ain't in their chain
Number champagne in my campaign
You fly there two private planes
It's 2 Chainz and Gucci Mane

Don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
It's okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Don't play with me
Bad bitches they stay with me
Wanna pop bottles all night with me
All day with me
Okay with me

Okay with me
Yea it's okay with me
Shorty got them crab legs
I got that ol bay with me
And I got the k with me
I wish they would try it bitch
Them nigga selling wood tickets
And I won even buy them shits
I go heard competin
My bank row conceded
Take her home complete her
Then I skeet her and delete her
Do it with no compassion
Do it without her asking
Yea I'm from Atlanta
But my jury from Alaska
I was born to be what I was gonna be
Bought you all that's up under me
Concrete got bun in there
Get to rip you niggers
All heart attacks
Boom lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Started in magic city ended in Onyx
She fine that she goin' crazy I'm throwing money
Compound to the velvet I think I'm Elvis
I always keep green around me like I'm a Celtic
Come on to the gold room I be bottle poppin'
20 grand all in hundreds I'm going shopping
The lane to the blue flame bitch I get it poppin'
Come ride with the Gucci man I'll take you club hoppin'


Baby come fuck me with girl I'm going clubbin'
Thirties above the skirties but they ain't scrubbin'
Bottles they keep you coming cause I be thuggin'
I'm feeling all on her titties we kissin' cousins
Blaze I wait to the Libra back to the cheater
You know the procedure when I be smoking reefer
My money is doing push ups is doing chin ups
I vanish from club vaquish and went to pen ups
My diamonds they shining bright
When they in the light
On the life on a Saturday night with a nigga wife
Hundred bottles are hundred blunts cause I am a smoker
Come with me I took a fifty and went to Scroecus




Workin' you know I'm workin' you know I'm grindin'
Shinin' I'm throwing money a king of diamond 
Phantom I got a Phantom I think I'm handsome
Bad bitches on my tail we gon' go to mansion
Come so I park the rows lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










I know God can't be mad at me
Because all the blessing he gave me!
Riding around with my top down Im looking up at the galaxy 
A lot of girls cant stand me They dont really understand me
Cant get half of my Phantom Cant get half of my mansion
Lost my homie to gunfire Nigga part of my empire
Ever since that day Ive been arriving late like a vampire
People say Im a addict got a lot of bad habits 
I love smoking that broccoli & i love stacking that cabbage
Shout out to my jeweler Damn he's such a good jeweler
Shout out to my shooter Damn hes such a good shooter
Every car that I ride Clean from bumper to bumper
Every time that I slide Throw my top in the dumpster
Im OG yous a youngster Got more guns then contra
More chains then Buster & More hoes then Usher
Its Gucci Mane & Drama So that means more commas
Im hands on like a laptop Get your cap popped this summer 

Sometimes I I feel good
I be in the hood I just ride by
Sometimes I I feel bad
I be in the hood Might do a drive-by
Sometimes I I feel good
I be in the hood I just ride by
Sometimes I I be in the hood
& Im feeling bad Might do a drive-by


Future got it bad Im a drug addict
Woke up seen a UFO Im a street fanatic
Money out the roof I had it in the attic
Flyest nigga on the Earth Astronaut status
Astronomical Im phenomenal
Money doing flips Im talking summersaults
I catch you before summer Aggravated assault
Winter time niggas come out with 20 dimes
Feel like Im on a shroom All this money in this room
Friday night lights Chain still swinging
Im a rock star & Im gang banging
Skulls everywhere Spikes everywhere
Bloodhound for that money Catch me anywhere
I went to space & left some niggas
I dont fucking care
I should have went to Yale The way I move a bail
Death before dishonor Ill never tell

Sometimes I I feel good
I be in the hood I just ride by
Sometimes I I feel bad
I be in the hood Might do a drive-by
Sometimes I I feel good
I be in the hood I just ride by
Sometimes I I be in the hood
& Im feeling bad lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








It's big Gucci! Damn! Bling! Blow!

Red falcons hat all red hooded
Santa clause of the city bag full of goodies
50 pints of purple drank came with the seal
I wish these faggot ass cops will let a nigga live
Or tryna to come down the chimney with a hunred mil
So many hundred dollar bills that'll give you chills
A bad bitch from Brazil got her own appeal
You wake up see her cooking cookies in your crib
I'm the brick squad boss I'm like Santa Claus
Misses clause on the pole with her panties off
And I know when you're sleeping know when you awake
No eggnog busting bottles of that ace of spades
Black Versace shades so it's hard to steer
Where's Rudolph red nose when I really need him
A bunch of elves on the team and I gotta feed em
They carry sawed off pumps so it's hard to feed em
I gift wrap a pipe bomb bring it to your door
Ring the bell sit back and watch the fucker blow
So how you build the snowman with all this melted snow
Santa clause bringing blocks in from Mexico
I made a hundred thousand dollars and the Texaco
They locked me up and let me out I feel like Plexico
I'm going in on these suckers call me Santa Claus
And it's a bunch of bad bitches in Santa house
An igloo full of snow and a white stove
I'm in the kitchen cooking dope in a white robe
House full of naked hoes snortin blow
I'm in zone 6 aka the north pole
It's so lonely at the top plus it's real cold
My ears neck lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Huh

Wassup
It's yo boy gucci
1017
Gwap
Drop top shawty
BRRR
Holiday - we back


I smoke like I'm cheech n chong
Sell dope like nicki bunz
Tats on my naked arm
Like my kush very strong
Gucci I'm such a don
Tell em' I'm having fun


Holiday - lets get postal rap
Gucci - racks
HOLIDAY SEASON SHRIMPS

I smoke like I'm cheech n chong
Sell dope like nicki bunz
Tats on my naked arm
Like my kush very strong
Gucci I'm such a don
Tell em' I'm having fun
I'm having such a run
I threw 10000 ones
I'm the trap king kong
My jeans got dem wings on em'
Tell them to be moaning
I'm servin' clean huuuh
High as a skydiver
Brick in the piledriver
Used to stand a pilot and serve all the truck drivers 
I whip up that white flour
Zip up that white powder
Twist up that green ganja
More money more damn power
A solider dies once but 10000 does for a coward
Miamis my second home I'm shopping 


I'm sippin' lean and feelin' drowsy 
But what would the game be without me 
I bet your girlfriend pussy lousy 
I see your diamonds very cloudy 
But what would the game be without me
I'm sippin' lean and feelin' drowsy
I bet your girlfriend pussy lousy
I see your diamonds very cloudy


I got these girls goin' crazy like I was elvis niggah
They call me gucci gwap and I'm one hell of a niggah
Got them chickens for sale
Shit I can tell that you figure
I'm like infamous niggah call me I deliver
I fuck your girl and
You scream and put that shit on your twitter
And I slap it and jiggle I cut her off now she bitter
I'm the creme of the crop bitch I'm the pick of the litter 
Now she bringing her niggah I wish that I never hit her
She didn't have no ambition she didn't have no protection
I pay her no attention lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










I'm Up 


I'm hands on like a Ipad 
Them racks in my pants look like thighpads 
I hit it with the fork that's my dance
I hit it two times that's a slow dance
I ain't got time for the romance
Cocaine avalanche when I finance
I'm a laugh at ya I'm a throw a bomb at ya
Since you a crumb snatcher I'm a throw a crumb at ya
I ain't mad at ya but ya got me bent backwards
I roll another swisher I don't like to smoke backwoods
Bricksquad bandana fool trapped out since grammar school
Bricksquad Atlanta crew she got a bandana too




Yea I got that fire
For ya FYI
Nigga didn't respect me it's Hello Goodbye
All my hoes is dykin  all yo hoes is triflin 
Yea I got a pistol but the bullets from a rifle
Yea they call me deuce I got deuces on my coupe
Put two swishers together look like I'm blowing on a flute
Yea nigga we up we ride up on you
Ralph Lauren teddy bear it's not Winnie the Pooh
Yea nigga we winnin and spend it on these women
And I ain't playing soccer when I'm kicking it at Lenox
Say what up to Louie lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Oh it's holiday season nigga
My trap beating harder than a bass drum
My trap beating harder than a bass drum
My trap beating harder than a bass drum
Holiday season
Damn son where'd you find that


These bitches eating pills like they jolly ranchers
She took a pill then turned into a belly dancer
I'm cooking this dope with 2 fucking bows
I need an extra hand I need 3 extra stoves
I can make you dance doing Everland's
It's your final chance get your wedding bands
I keep that white girl like a white mass
East Atlanta zone at 6 you're in trial land
My mind ain't got invert my shit jump out the gym
Bitches are down to break their neck just too look at him
She don't really like me but she love my rims
Yellow Lamborghini same color as my bottom teams


My trap boomin' hard bitch I swear to God
My trap boomin' hard bitch I swear to God
My trap boomin' harder than you trap booms
My goons money in the living room
My trap boomin' hard bitch I swear to God
My trap boomin' hard bitch I swear to God
My trap boomin' harder than you trap booms
My goons money in the living room


Hey I see choppers ain't no hoe niggas gonna stop us
Your old lady so proper look at that pussy she poppin'
Holiday season bitch
Hey I see choppers ain't no hoe niggas gonna stop us
Your old lady so proper look at that pussy she poppin'
Hey I see choppers ain't no hoe niggas gonna stop us
Your old lady so proper look at that pussy she poppin'
I pull out the rose and make that trap go to troppin'
When I pull out my money
Even these hoe niggaz watchin'
I hit a lick it I bought a wing stop
I sprinkle lemon pepper in that rerack
I took my time I had to build a fortress
Straight flouse and my closet look like Walter's
Step back the peers I got my Gucci skully on
Shout out my Nigga Gucci know it money long
Got my bank money I got my lawyer fee
Shout out the brick squad lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Chris Brown Lil Wayne)




Cyeah cyeah cyeah cyeah cyeah


I don't really do this much but baby girl I might
Fly you buy you crazy things that's cause you're the type I like
Cyeah cyeah cyeah cyeah go get that girl right there
Cyeah cyeah cyeah cyeah go get that girl right there


Do you know who I am? Baby girl my name the shit
I'm the shit yeah the shit Gucci Mane off in this bitch
When I spit stupid swift I feel like I got a gift
Leave the truck 'bout forty thousand but this one is 
I'm a roll to a blimp ladies ask me do I pimp
Cause I walk with a limp so much ice you feel a chill
Light a spliff take a wiff if you feel like take a sniff
Drink a fifth pop a  one of those then plead the fifth
40K on a Wednesday catch me in the M
Look at me look at them don't I look better than him
Girl my rims match my jewels pinky same color my wheels
And my drop top match my ears no flaugin' I keep it real




They done fucked around and let me back on my g shit
My wheels big they deep dish
Engine bigger than a mo'fucker but on the dashboard you see fish
See-through all blue I'm bigger than a barracuda fuck you
Whole bunch of niggas in my clique they the realest
And I'm fuckin' with the motherfuckin' dogs too
All this money I done met my quota I'm 'bout it bitch
Flow sick track ebola Polow this that shit
For all the ladies you know this that dick hold up wait a minute
Did he just say that? Yes I did
Now open your legs let me show you what it feel like
Microphones I blaze any little beat any track I'll kill it
Fuckin' a model straight Playboy I stick my ding-a-ling down they throat like ribbit
Got girls in the club with their lace front swingin'
Lookin' at my girl like no you didn't
Somebody better call 911 with all this motherfuckin' pussy I'm killin'




Uh stay in line ho
Yeah get your mind right bitch
Yeah all pussy ain't good pussy
And I don't like bald pussy I like wolf pussy
My woman fuck me good and make kush cookies
Pockets on Snookie I wouldn't fuck Snookie
I skate hard and fuck a bitch harder
Shawty got a donk call her Vince Carter
Eat a red bone like red velvet cake
Fuck a nigga wife and eat the wedding cake
And if that nigga trippin' tell him yellow tape
I'm like 5'6" lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Shawty cooler than fan but her man not me
Got a real hot mouth but she a stone cold freak
10 girls in my suite brought sand to the beach
Got a nigga from the country come two times a week
I'm in a red Maserati with some snow white seats
And when I skeet I try to aim it at her snow white teeth
Red bottoms on the wood watchin' the Hawks play the Heat
Brought the whole Bricksquad 10 grand every seat
6 ounces and a liter that's a dirty sweet tea
I'm a put this game on every bad bitch that I meet
I'm a zone 6 king and my jeans got wings
I'm a rich girl's fantasy a poor girl's dream


Hold up stop the track let's get some understandin'
I'm servin' softball I pitch underhanded
Your girlfriend said she like me but I'm too demandin'
Bitch shut the fuck up and take these 10 bricks to Kansas
My stash done got so big that I can't rubber band it
My plug be speakin' Spanish I can't understand it
So stop the track my nigga let's get some understandin'
Bitch shut the fuck up and take these 10 bricks to Kansas


Now I can't dance a lick but look my diamonds dancin'
Rap or trap my nigga I'm a take my chances
I had a couple jooks didn't go down how I planned it
I guess I fronted him too much he couldn't handle it
You disrespect the Squad then you get reprimanded
Blowin' kush in the house she smokin' second handed
I got the whole pack sold 'fo the pack landed
Chicken bags in the trap call it hand to handin'
And you ain't gotta shop with me that's fine and dandy
Two ways four nines call it Georgia candy
Cookin' dope in Lou Vuittion cause I'm kinda fancy
I met your bitch at the bar got her two shots of Brandy




Hold up wait let me explain
Half my niggas move ki's of 'caine
Jewish lawyers what we've attained
In my car's where she give brain
Bought the V of Dorthy
Yellow road sellin' bricks
Big face yellow wrist drop top hello bitch
Cut the shit make sure that we see eye to eye
We got them birds and they don't fly up in the sky
Bitch lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Freak freak
Let me be your freak
Touch my toes
You can have this beat
I like when you bad
'Cause it feels so good
Bring it back
I wish you would


Freak freak
Let me be your freak
Touch your toes
Let me get that beat
I like when you bad
'Cause it feels so good
Bring it back
I wish you would
I wish you would
I wish you would
Bring it back
I wish you would
I wish you would
I wish you would
Bring it back
I wish you would


It's Gucci Go
Bring it back
Bring it back
Pull up in a Vette
Jet black
Ass fat I done met my match
I need a girl in the back with a butterfly tat
Bring it back
Bring it back
Pull up in a Vette
Jet black
Ass fat I done met my match
I need a girl in the back with a butterfly tat


Her passed me by I won't let that
Got a hundred stacks you respect that
Spent a hundred stacks I regret that
At a strip club where we met at
He a star girl 'cause he desperate
Can't help it he'll need to exit
Money suspect change the subject
But I control the girl like a puppet


It's Gucci
Freak freak
Let me be your freak
Touch your toes
Let me get that beat
I like when you bad
But it feels so good
Bring it back
I wish you would
I wish you would
I wish you would
Bring it back
I wish you would
I wish you would
I wish you would
Bring it back
I wish you would


Burrr
She's a nympho so she loved it
Broke up and he loves it
Come to me with that fuck shit
Get your wig split in public
I met your bitch in publix
On aisle 9 by the toothpicks
We left there hit Ruth's Chris
She suck dick like she toothless
He a busy bee on Tuesdays
I'm Eazy E I'm ruthless
Hoe deuces and juices
I'm too high lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










You're boyfriends an alcoholic
But Gucci is a reefer chiefer
You're girlfriends a penis eater
I swear she's a people pleaser
I'm pouring up 2 liters
And riding in 2 seaters
Sipping on mojitas
One mill on my wife beater
Holiday season aye
You're boyfriends an alcoholic
But Gucci is a reefer chiefer
You're girlfriends a penis eater
I swear she's a people pleaser
I'm born of 2 leaders
And riding in 2 seaters
Sipping on mojitas
One mill on my wife beater


Parley with white people
Really don't like people
Party tonight but you must
Go with the right people
Bigger than life nigga
Came with a knife nigga
And if I'm ending his life
He found out I'm fucking his wife
Leave her


Gucci's a custom adept
Sex with no feelings attached
Puts on my bachelor pad
Prior the top is detached
Poppin' and humping and dripping and something
Damn you're good as one hell of a woman
You telling me something then telling me nothing
I think about something that keep me from cumming


I brought them racks out to play aye mane
I brought them racks out today say mane
I put the racks in your face aye mane
I brought them racks out to safe say mane
I brought them racks out to play aye mane
I brought them racks out today say mane
I put the racks in your face aye mane
I brought them racks out to safe say mane


OK my crib looks like Baywatch
Don't quit your day job
She walking with nothing
But she leaving my tank top
Lately I've been seeing
More champagne than rain drops
B.I.G only thing missing is
Puff saying we can't stop
Rolling with Jigga but
I'm not a Nets fans
Everything green around me
Like I'm a Jets fan
If it's green and I burn it
This weed and cash I deserve it
My car and girl both German
Said she Oh I need a surgeon
I've been running to the money
And it feels like
I'm racing a turtle lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Lex Luger
Lex Luger
Is Gucci
Burr
Holiday Season

All this money out here
Gotta get it
Price so cheap
Holiday Season nigga


When it's winter time I fly to where its summer time
Spend a hundred grand at any given time of day
So much cash on me you think I robbed an armored truck
Smoking kush in front of twelve like we don't give a fuck
Want some trap shit you came to the right place
In a V state traffickin these cali grapes
I'm a king I swear that I should play for Sacramento
Put a hit on you yo hoe and all the folks you kin to
Treat my cars just like my house put curtains on my window
So much codeine in the sprite it look like Pepto-Bismol
Miss me with all of that gossip and innuendo
They say my diamond chain is ill they say that I'm a sicko
Made a hundred thousand dollars standing at the citgo
You bust it open you see crystals sparkling in the middle
And I never stopped drinkin nigga 'cause I'm not a quitter
And when I hit the club I hit it with a bunch of killers


My mama gave birth to a trap boy trap boy
That trap boy then turned into a dope man dope man
Gucci mane La Flare I got old money 
And I'ma be a hustling' ass old man old man
This one dedicated to the dope boys
Price so low I'm at a loss for words
I know you niggas heard I got them Georgia birds
23.5 Nigga spread the word
Holiday Season Nigga


Fuck with me you know I got that Charlie Sheen
Hundred pints of purple that's a lot of lean
Got 2000 pounds of swag look like I cut the grass
He said the robbin crew gon snatch me but that made me laugh
So many bank rolls in my ride this pockets bout to bust
Walking trought the mall and smelling like a pound of kush
I got thirty grand on me and a.40 Cal
I'm in a Louie V store signing autographs
My plug text me sayin he just came
I text him back my nigga I'll be on my way
I'm selling most skilled that's fine digger
Got a four bedroom with like twelve kitchens
And ain't no broke niggas coming to my house
Got that white girl call her Amy Winehouse
Old school 7 4 costs a town house
Better bring 'em pounds before I bring the 9 out


My mama gave birth to a trap boy trap boy
That trap boy then turned into a dope man dope man
Gucci mane the flayer I got all money all money
And I'm a be a hustler as old man old man
This one dedicated to the dope boys
Price so low I'm at a loss for words
I know you nigga heard I got them joyner birds
20 25 Nigga spread the word
Holiday Season Nigga
My mama gave birth to a trap boy lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









All my get money bitches stand up
All my trap niggas put your hands up
Gucci man I'm so rubber band up
And my car so clean it get a A+
Black Maybach with the red guts
I'm a get money bitches stand up
All my trap niggas put your hands up
Gucci man I'm so rubber band up
And my car so clean it get a A+
Black Maybach with the red guts
Yellow diamonds for you pretty red shluts
Selling weed man I bring some more bud
I'm a mud drinker bitch I drank mud


Call it whip it and flip it and zip it and kush it
Calling your girl like grammy the pussy
I'm up in the kitchen and pick up a cookie
You're boyfriends a rookie that's why he a pussy
I'm fucking you bad I don't care who be looking
Stand on your porch and dare you to push me
Choppers on duty you don't have to touch me
I'm the boss and the boss gets all the glory
Changing the game I'm remaining the same
Buy new car I'm changing the pash
Changing the motor and changing the goods
Changing the gurgle's I'm pumping the pipe
A K A I'm cracking the seal those don't know
I'm tracking the train
Thinking about money we thinking the same
Fly's a bird and high's a plane
Might hit the club in a black tuxedo
Who hoes coming with his your man Galvino
Beat flash who should look like torpedo
Owe it to a nino smoking on guido
Might have a man but he not like me no
Looking bald out to exterior
On a boat way cocaine locreo
He might get money but not like me no


All my get money bitches stand up
All my trap niggas put your hands up
Gucci man I'm so rubber band up
And my car so clean it get a A+
Black Maybach with the red guts
Yellow diamonds for you pretty red shluts
Selling weed man I bring some more bud
I'm a mud drinker bitch I drank mud


Positiong myself and kushin my wealth
Hate no me that's best for your health
Efin my wounds than efin my shoes
Efin em show me efin my bills
Niggas they envy they just pretending
Glasses are empty and bitches are friendly
Asses are sexy and titties are pretty
Niggas are hold up and bitches are silly
Watches are quarter my chain is a milly
I can't lie all my hoes are so deadly
So I'm up on occasion than you think I was Diddi
Cases and cases and cases of blunts
Smoke like a hippie drink like Britney
Walking in the club JB whole with me
Harder they try they can't get rid me
Looking like I'm dreaming someone pinch me
Two shooters right by lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Well it take money to make money
That's why I make money
Need some today so
I'm a go and take they money
Play money I weigh money
Hundred grand that's play money
Counterfeit that's fake money
Lob city that's Blake money
Cash money that Drake money
Broke niggas they hate money
Rappers they get slave money
Gucci Mane I save money
Gamble in your face money
Brick squad we taste money
Gold diggers they chase money
Rich niggas! We waste money!
Street smart I know money
Y'all niggas got no money
Still making that slow money
Hide cause you owe money
Pimp niggas get ho money
Scared money don't make money
Like Big Meech I blow money
Y'all niggas is so funny


It take money to make money
Anytime you ready 
Wanna race nigga wanna gamble?
Anytime you ready 
Like to shop and like to travel?
Anytime you ready 
I could hit the club and go crazy
Anytime you ready 

Got money I said it
Bricksquad we ain't petty
I'm so big headed hundred eighty grand on my chevy
Go broke won't let it
Swag sick can't help it
Financial goals I met it
It's a drumma track and it's epic
Hood nigga with credit
Bills I don't sweat it
Cash I go get it
But these broke niggas pathetic
Rich niggas go get it
Bitch niggas get jealous
Drop money I'm careless
It's all mine I'm selfish
Your money home you left it?
Broke nigga can't help it
Ball hard I'm wealthy
Thank God I'm healthy
From the jet way to the jet-ski
Aren't you glad you met me?
Haters say they don't like me
But they gotta respect me!




G nigga about paper
Them niggas getting the vapor
We them niggas flipping that money
And them other niggas be fakers
High roller we shot call
Real nigga we been balling
Pussy nigga catch a sideline and
Watching niggas who both balling
Hustle nigga my own line
Pussy niggas get flat-line
Money nigga get all the time
New whip for the sunshine
Hustle with my balling nigga
Cooking up them quarter nigga
Stepping up them order niggas
Getting it out that water nigga
Rich game my rich gang nigga
Feline and my wrist game nigga
Weed niggas getting rich game
We the niggas flipping the wrist game
Key nigga we move blood
Get it from the G blood
Uptown lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Fabolous 8 Ball)



Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense

I'm in a rush I'm rolling kush
I'm cooking dope don't interrupt
50 bricks came in a bus
I intercept I finished up
Gucci Mane I'm sinister
Politics like a senator
30 year prime minister
Eat rappers for dinner bruh
From selling dope to selling big houses like a realtor
I pull up in a black and black maybach like a governor
Some critics say they can't understand me I'm a southerner
Bad bitch rocking chanel but she's a foreigner
Pull up in them twin maseratis yeah they identical
And I bought a new Kawasaki I'm popping wheelies bruh
Miami Beach police pull me over aye what the ticket for
He mad cause the bitch on the back ain't from America

Now this shit really don't make no God damn sense
Police chase but jumped the God damn fence
Ain't no room in the house for all these God damn bricks
So many bills at the spot don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense

Don't make no God damn sense
Man it's a God damn shame
They talking shit from the bench
Get in the God damn game
I mean you boys need to chill
Them niggas hot champagne
Nigga I do that shit
You don't do a God damn thang
And I'm really sorry
I just got that calarrari smoking northern castafari
While I'm eating calamari
And these suckas can't stomach that
Guess they can't dodge us
That I'm making majors moves and they ain't making progress
Say hi Jess ya'll meet pretty Jessica
Know she got that good brain I just keep on testing her
Don't come with my package I'm a have to kill the messenger
Smell some funny shit and I'm a spray that air freshner

Now this shit really don't make no God damn sense
Police chase but jumped the God damn fence
Ain't no room in the house for all these God damn bricks
So many bills at the spot don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense
Don't make no God damn sense
Don't don't make no God damn sense

No off brand niggas run with my click
Choppa so big don't make no God damn sense
Spent a whole lot of racks on a whole lot of packs
Spent a whole lot of crack on a whole lot of track
Got a bitch in every city with a whole lot of back
Smoked a whole lot of weed ate a whole lot of snacks
Had 28 grams when I fell up in this bitch
Smoked it all for I left don't make no God damn sense
I'm on kush she on pills in a short short dress
Bitch ass so big don't make no God damn sense
Gucci Mane was like ball where you get that bitch
Bitch ass so big don't make no God damn sense

Now this shit really don't make no God damn sense
Police chase but jumped the God damn fence
Ain't no room in the house for all these God damn bricks
So many bills at the spot lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Made a promise to my self that I'll be never broke counting up all this money but I'm never tired
Three in the morning and I'm still going jewelry so cold feel like the wind blowing. pushing more weight then
Arnold schwarzenegger walk-in closet feel with bells and glass  kill ya self my nigga do the world a favor and I done lost count I got so
Many haters Canary watch I swear got yellow fever. Jimmy choo glasses so its hard to see ya put my money on a tred mill
And let it build 


Ima Gynast Ima gymnast I'm in the kitchen flippen chickens Ima gymnast I'm in the laboratory now doing chemistry I can't lie me and
Money got a chemistry.  


Throw the money in the air like I'm Elway 50 bells at the house Ima bellsmen.
I got 65 thangs on the spressway a couple boxes of mid is what they mail meh I love my plug homie shout out to my esay I got that 
Homie you a swag stealer I'm in My Big Dooley Truck
It's a glass house I'll turn ya sister condo into a trap house on hand to hand with the cookies like a girl scout winter time you might catch me in the stretch furr all black Maybach with the chauffeur Ima cooker but yo daddy is a smoker




Dirty money throw that money in the shower she can't even feel her face cause of the powder one spot three kitchens is a blow spot.
Charge you twenty grand flat for some convo keep the js mile high like the broncos
Got a nigga bussin bells in the living room left ounce n half on the hard wood count a half a million cash in the bedroom never let a nigga know were yo stash at Made 75k playing blackjack lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Tell the D.A. give a fuck bout what the judge say
I never liked the pussy nigga in the first place
I spent 500 K a week just for the court case
And put a tattoo on my face so now I'm Scarface
Scarface
I put a hundred on your head if you cross me
Scarface
I want him dead I don't care what it cost me


Black hats red ball jumping out on me
Unmarked cars keep on wind up and down the street
Plus the stupid-ass jacker he want something for free
Know damn well without no money he get nothing from me
I be that ass baby momma call the folks on me
I got these crab-ass niggas trying to smoke for free
Lil G just told me that he's short this week
But how the fuck he gonna be short when I sell work so cheap?
Old pussy-ass nigga used to work for me
Then told these motherfucking folks he bought some work for me
I know some cold-blooded killers who got love for me
I keep them real-deal goons in the club with me
Gucci




Niggas waiting on me like the mailman coming
First third and fifteenth everybody running
Old heads tripping cause they asking me to front on them
Come short on my one time and I fuck with them young'uns
All balls no brains; niggas know I'm ignorant
Understand and get zeroed when put in that predicament
The cars ride up and down the avenue in daytime
Nighttime the same thing -- niggas finna pay mine
Duck off with my motherfucking dope you got some long nuts
I burn niggas' hoods down I shoot up they dope cuts
Niggas call me Scarface cause I gave them a reason to
All you get is one chance and then I come get even fool




Moving them grounds and I ain't thinking bout Grammys
Got so hot in Atlanta I had to move to Miami
Go a hundred big H.A.M. got my trap house whamming
Just ran up on the plug I brought the food to the family
We say hello to drugs we don't say no to drugs
Like No Limit C-Murder making moves with the dubs
Like I'm moving them birds I got em for sale
Just like Revenge of the Nerds I got a roomful of squares
The Feds looking at me -- get some glasses my nigga
They say I make it hot -- I make it happen my nigga
So what's cracking lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Future Chill Will)




  Ay yeah boyyyy ay yeah  


Hey girl I'm tearin it up and they knowin that I had sex so much that I ain't goin back
I blow stack after stack after stack after stack
At the rack everyday and they knowin that
Well I'm blowin that and I'm doin this
And my red flag got the haters pissed
Don't reckless this not a diss
This not a threat this real shit
And don't play me cause ain't no stoppin me
Ain't no toppin me and ain't no robbin me
Cut the robbers outs I brought the goons out
We reckless we O.G.
On Acuras and they textin us
But who gives a fuck and who gives a damn?
I'm blood in and blood out on
Flat Shoals with big sand
And Waka Flocka thanks Flocka Waka Two times cause we two crimes
Two bloods and two rides with fo' nines and gang signs So what's up?
The pricety I'm icey as iced tea
I'm the king of diamonds and the princess shinin
And all mine behind me


Let's get reckless let's get reckless


Oh yeah! Cap I'm in beast mode
Hell yeah I'm on reckless
If you don't like it pussy nigga come check this
Respect this or meet your death wish
There's 17 bird on my necklace
I fuck with dem and they fuck with me
Don't fuck with us get the fuck from 'round
Cause I like to pop and we sucker free Reckless reckless e'rybody goin HAM
Don't test this cause if you do
That Smith & Wesson go blam damn
Look what the fuck done happened
Just cause you heard that a nigga start rappin
That I'm worryin about the  pulled out
No toppin no clappin clear the whole scene
I'm smashin Bye gone - boy you better catch up nigga
Get hit from your neck up nigga Nobody wan' fess up get your block up
Leave the whole scene full of ketchup nigga
They are wildin on wildin on ballin they violent
I got the little man sydrome get me in the end zone
Signin autographs who's stylin?




Huh? Huh? Huh? Vacation in Miami they say
I'm swag surfin
Your girl with ya she ain't lookin but her ass flirtin
See I'm a classy nigga a thousand dollar curtains
And I just made yo' nigga mad cause his pocket hurtin
And I don't mean I'm jackin off when I say
I'm chokin chickens I mean when we rap on mo' we call that chokin chickens
I got a talkin code for all he knows it folds
Too buck to be on probation too rich to be on parole
My dawgs love me on I'm on the mic talkin reckless
Stuntin ballin million dollar flexin
My dawgs love me on I'm on the mic talkin reckless
Stuntin ballin lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray to Lord fake niggas he keep
But if I shut down before I wake
I pray to Lord real niggas he take


I told my top to get lost
Cuz I dont really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Im in that new Rolls Royce
If you dont like it get lost


Me and my top beefin
So I dont really wanna see him
They picture man the flare nigga
And all the kids wanna be him
I told that girl to get lost
Cuz I dont even like to argue
All this money that Im makin
They think Im playing for the Chargers
My jury game is retarded
My car game is exotic
The inside my Maserati
Cuz look like he in the hypnotic
Im runnin from the paparazzi
But Im in the Lamborghini
They call me Gucci Debiassi
I think Im fucking Liberace


I told my top to get lost
Cuz I dont really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Im in that new Rolls Royce
If you dont like it get lost


Smoking kush with my boys
Im a walking weed joyce
They say I fuck on my alarms
I say it back its my choice
Selling dope with my squad
Old schools in my yard
I got a Chevy so clean
And my goodness so hot
They say its getting real hot
So I took off of my top
I got the number one spot
Im coming down my block


I told my top to get lost
Cuz I dont really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Im in that new Rolls Royce
If you dont like it get lost


Dragging from the old school in my new school
Top missing nigga with my new tool
Same ways with my new juice
Getting money on these young fools
You pay for perfect when youre big time
You pay for perfect when your sun shine
Harley Davidson lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










They murked your homeboy that was cold blooded
& Last I heard they killed him over drug money
He died on a Friday at 11:30
Said he left his girl like
I'm double cupped Shawty my cup so dirty 
Never seen a nigga drink so muddy 
Never seen a nigga make this much money


Gucci Mane I want my piece of the pie
I sold dope I didn't goto DeVry
My mama look me dead square in my eye
And told me you ain't got to lie boy your high 
I was a stick up kid I had a .45
I make a nigga put his hands in the sky
They said ill never make it to 25
I was selling nickle bags in junior high
One day every man goto die
I got a gangsta homie come from the chi
Said he been gang banging ever since he was 5
And everyday he thank the lord he alive


They murked your homeboy that was cold blooded
& Last I heard they killed him over drug money
He died on a Friday at 11:30
Said he left his girl like 11 birdies
I'm double cupped Shawty my cup so dirty 
Never seen a nigga drink so muddy 
Never seen a nigga make this much money


Ghost Thang on the feet Quarter key for the shoes
Ten bands for your life Five hundred on the tool
That's a throw away Bitch I'm bout to take these hoes to school
That's a murder weapon throw it in the river when you through
On my young nigga shit in my old school reppin'
With my hat to the back with my fully loaded weapon
Tried to re-up in my hood I'mma teach yo ass a lesson
Fresh off a million dollar run that's what I call a blessing
Bitch I'm cool with the bank owner fucking on the bank teller
Ten figure nigga hood rich I can buy whatever
But I remember them days when I was starvin'
Like you remember them days when I was robbin'
Hands Up Face Down Lemme' get ya sack
Kick the door down nigga tell me where its at
Beat a nigga head with a baseball bat till his eyes turn blue and his head turn black
HA you dont know the half bout that
Break you loose you yo ass bout that
Ain't no fuck round with them goonies where I'm from lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Holiday season is Gucci
Holiday season is Gucci
Plain Jane plain Jane
Ppplain Jane plain Jane


I know my body took a lot of -EHH
Lungs smoke a lot of stink
Bladder piss a lot of pink
Cause that lean I like to drink
My face got a lot of tats
My girl got a lot of gold
My mouth talk a lot of shit
My dick fuck a lot of hoes
My stomach be filled with shrimp
Legs limping like a pimp
Gazelles on my fuckin' frame
Waves all in my temp
My mind it be on the prize
Hands on with the 9
My trap house it keep a line
Cause I'm sellin' 
Gucci Mane a millionaire
My house I be seldom there
I always be on the road
Bank account got several O's
My britches be true religion
In my kitchen cookin' chickens
Smoking Swishers bustin' Phillies
Bought two 'Rarri's spent the million


This watch right here cost ninety thousand Plain Jane
But I'm a put some rocks off in it anyway
You haters they gon' hate on you like anyway
So I am gonna put some words on my shit anyway
Anyway anyway anyway
I dumped her I can find another any day
Any day anyway anyway anyway
It's not that hot outside but I'm a drop it anyway


Maybach's in way back
Said Maybach yes it's out back
I mean out back my spent bitch
She's got a fat ass and some big tits
I fuck with her cause her accent
With hew blow cause it accent my Louis V shades
Plus it match the Ace of Spades
Oh newborns talking automats
Got two one plain chain one ice though
Nigga try it me knock some lights out
Got goonies but I'm hands-on run a check up my mans on
That is A1 FBG free Boosie free BG
You don't want to stand in the way I'm a don hoe
Your house the size of my condo I just rap
Shit for the fun hoe last over time free Rocko
Young dimes so old school to where street songs
Where the money at I want some songs
You main bitch and your little sis
You know what time it is nigga it's three some


This watch right here cost ninety thousand Plain Jane
But I'm a put some watch off in it anyway
You haters they gonna hate on you like in a way
So I am gonna put some words on my shit anyway
Anyway in a way anyway way
I thought that I can find another any day
Any day in a way anyway in a way
It's not that hot outside but I'm a drop it anyway


I drop the top like 
I'm not in no lil' Cutlass
I pull up in a 
I know it cost my budget
I know the bitches love it
I got haters disgusted
I'm smoking on that mustard
I'm from east Atlanta and I say it loud
Got a black Ferrari because I'm black and proud
I got a yellow one it's like salt and pepper
When I put 'em together they stand out
I'm a biker hitchhiker- That's what you are with your thumb out
Got a Spyker with some rims on it lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









All we wanna be is el Chapo
At least all the street niggas I know
All I wanna be is el Chapo
Fully automatic slice you auto
All I wanna be is el Chapo
3 Billion dollars in pesos
All I wanna be is el Chapo
And when I meet him I'm a tell him bravo


I live a life so crazy make me start smoking new ports
And you ain't coming in I'm a serve you in the front porch
My plug he comin in I'm abouta scoop him from the airport
And ain't no room for nothin else but money in my condo
Ballin like a bitch you think my grandmother Grizelda
These suckas they can't wait to double cross you like Diego
These suckas they can't wait to double cross you like Diego
These suckas they can't wait to double cross you like Diego
I'm whackin niggas lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. 2 Chainz Waka Flocka Flame)




Pay for what? Girl you better pay for this Dick!
She the type that fuck for 2 Xans and a outfit! 
I'm with the Xan crew. So is hundreds on the Flo
My house is off in the Mo
Hey I be ballin Ho!


 
Ok these hoes we done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em!
Lames better salute em!
FLEX!
See these hoes We done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em!
Lames better salute em! Ugh!


I don't like yo kind you a bougie ho! 
All in my face like a groupie ho! 
I can't do it with one girl I need a group of hoes
She FOOOOL when she on the that pole
Break it down pop it low clap that do it slow 
Ran out of ones I'mma order some mo
Shawty got good brains on the honor role!
You can't be no rookie with moves like that! Naw!
Girl you a Pro! FLEX!
Hundred bands in my pocket!
Just to let you know! 
I'm too turnt everything's a GO! 
What's it goin be? What's it goin to cost?
Everything's on me My company Brick Squad Monopoly!!! SQUAAAAAAD!!!



 
Ok these hoes we done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em!
Lames better salute em!
FLEX!
See these hoes We done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em!
Lames better salute em! Ugh!


Gucci Mane's a baller hooper shooter
Yo girl is a booster stupid rooster. 
Come through when I coop her
Loose the roofa 
We the bitch macker
Choose a mover 
Brick Squad we the shit!
Pooper Scooper! 
Yo man is a Bitch!
Super Loser! 
They say I'm a user?
Pussy bruiser 
I got to get a towel!
She's a crazy Drooler 
Shout out to my jeweler
Frankie Muler 
10 chains on...
Bitch I'm Ricky Ruler 
Talkin Cash shit bitch
Stanky Sewers 
6 bitches with me
Yup 6 plural! GUCCI!



 
Ok these hoes we done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em!
Lames better salute em!
FLEX!
See these hoes We done ran through em!
Xans we done chewed em! 
Lames better salute em! Ugh!


2 Chaaainz!! Whoa Kemosabe I get Rooster in my Rari 
Beez in Tha Trap I put my ding-a-ling on Barbie! 
I go Dumb I'm retarded
Pockets on Charles Barkley
I go Crazy Gnarls Barkley
Lungs full of BOB MARLEY!!! 
I don't play no games
But my joy stick from Atari 
All I eat is Beats Pussy lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










I make it look easy easy easy
I make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
I make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy


They know me as the king of the shine
It's Busta Buss bitch they call me stimulus rhymes
Familiar with women I got you curious times two
Delirious with bread so serious with the mind
Conspicuous you might wanna take a flick of this line
I'm sick with this think you really wanna get with the swine flu?
Ridiculous with such a meticulous grind 
Ventriloquist the way niggas will spit when I rhyme too
Sometimes it's hard to believe me the way I
Come with them classics and make it look easy and then I
Make me this money and spend it so freely and Jedi
Corner the market that's when I


Make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
I make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
I make it look easy


Know what this custom Louis just cost me?
Well if you did you'd probably get your fucking hand off me
It's Damier leather chocolate darker than coffee
Staring at the space shuttle when I pull up they pull off see?
Shawty be probably be pushing and answer me softly
She love the fact that I rep everything that a boss be
The type of boss she should get to know and never should cross me
That make certain shit happen I don't really think you should force me
All the way from the start to the finish my friend I
Be getting it popping from the spot til they tell me can I
Make it look easier than fighting a midget ridder
Both of that kush nigga then I


Make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
I make it look easy
All my real  stand up
Yea all my real  ballas stand up stand up
Get money money money money
Easy easy easy
I make it look easy


So see me make my diamonds I'm a go with high society
Busta rhyming rocking custom diamonds
I'm blinding shit to me is easy grinding
Even if I was signed ain't no need to sign me
Entirely too turnt up my mind is
Focused on money like the IRS is
I pull up in a scratched Lexus with Texas
Tags so many bricks I cause erections
Lethal injection electric necklace
 I'm flexing so check that off the checklist
I'm hungry I'm eating rappers for breakfast
Respect one verse will leave you breathless
I'm rapping on a Biggie beat they didn't expect it
Fucking with me expect the unexpected
Easy breezy lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. 2 Chainz Jeremih Drama)




Gucci Mane and Jeremih see fine too fly
You a damn liar
I stayed higher than a fucking flyer
You stay up like gun powder
Shawty lock on like a plier
She OC she crazy her shoe game is amazing
And a bad game is blazing
Put some days in with the stray in
I flew her in for the weekend
Can't even remember where we began
But I hope that the shit don't end
She so cool she bring friends
Matthew shoe crystalline dance
We lock him but we spiked out
Got a course seen that you sparkle in
King of every day like Jet Li
Ten I'm a change like Mr.T
We the real 3 no mistery
Only bang on the baby she missing me
Tell her boyfriend is history
Beat the pussy up no sympathy
On the highway to the drive way
Well it's hard to drive 'cause she all over me


She ain't the little girl I used to know
Got in the body got them beating in the soul
I gave it to relax the time she tried to let it go
Headed for destruction and everybody know
She outta control she-she outta control
She outta control she-she outta control
She outta control


What's your name ceao hey
Where you from up
You fine as hell
Your skin tone is honey bun
Like a basketball
We can do this one on one
I gotta love Jones
I'm the rest hey see get along
She page calling my booty phone
She need me won't be alone
Say her old boyfriend's at
Cheating on Bambino
And so now on hold she calling
She at me she fallin'
Page mistakes she stay too long
My bubble with no brakes out of control
Brakes out of control


She ain't the little girl I used to know
Got in the body got them beating in the soul
I gave it to relax the time she tried to let it go
Headed for destruction and everybody know
She outta control she-she outta control
She outta control she-she outta control
She outta control


She outta control she on the Patrone
She told me that she love me
I said I love you more
I gotta end my sweet I said sup my swag
You call it face time I call it ipad
She be running through my mind lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Ridin' around with these ballers
Got a white girl that don't charge
She work it up how poor
Got a baby dad and they in love
Put about 50 pounds of his dope

Heard the damn with his dog
Got some kilos under their arm
With my brig squad and my broads
Kiddy pants in my car
I have money no story
And I've heard this shit and I'm boss
Got a truck hop with no air see
But we're squashed up no good
To the street life I'm in HD
Nuff said a nigga so hood
Got a pentagram no camera
I swear I'm 'bout the hood
Ain't 'bout her maybe them 2
Maybe cool with these then more
I'm a rich sloppy you sure
The city's there on tour
Got a little fucker we ball

Ridin' around with these ballers
Got a white girl that don't charge
She work it up lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Future Jeremih)



Yea yea yea yea uuuuuuuh

I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea
I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea

Bitches say I'm photogenic diamonds dessin' off my pendich
Stirrin' like I'm creek a spinach
This gon take like 40 minutes
Got 20 minutes so let it out
I'm the nigga that you read about
Beat the type of you pussy niggas
I hate these lames a whole lot
I was talkin' not libra witness every day I'm hellin' business
Pulling up in big old Benzes yea my Rolls is real expensive
This why I invert but I scared a lot
Which grub boys get bread a lot
She got out now bring the titties out
Let it talk like in the city light

I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea
I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea

I cut off their lights ho
I'm still proud of my light show
I don't have to grab the mike I step out then my ears flow
I'm a walkin' crystal ball got a sack full of money like Santa Claus
I play so much that codeine I don't ever had no withdraw
My girls come to my show they come to my show they don't have all clothes on
Got devious and trippin' all my niggs are like a waterfall
All sparklin' on my wrist you know my ears don't have no one to call
You've got diamonds in your face it ain't no mistake and girl I gotta ball

I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea
I got more diamonds
They shinin'
I got my ice around me
Uuuuuuuh yea yea yea yea

My diamonds...
So everyday I'm hustling hustling so what
Never been a D boy but now I got my dough up
Hey girl I'm a boss cause my dough up
And the bitches callin' them doughnuts
Cruisin' through the hundreds in a 2 door
Diamonds shinin' easy look like blue balls
One chain lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








I met this pretty yellow bitch her name was Jasmine
She said I'm ten times richer than her last man.
I get like 15 thousand dollars on a bad game
But Fuck that come shop with me you know I got them bags in.
I'm stupid so I got my engine in the ass in
I'm in the back of my Rolls with a Mac 10
My wrist spin like a motherfucker windmill.
I told cash shit I'm slicker than an R spill.
Your girlfriend suck dick like a vacuum
Excuse me I know you took that bitch Cancoon.
My automat saying 9: 50 ten 'till.
I suplex a brick and ddt a whole bail.

Hopefully hopefully.
I'm running for mayor come and vote for me.
Vote for me smoke with me
Pron a couple beds I'll let you work for me.
Sell dope for me get blow for me
Gucci Mane got work yea that's a quote from me
Cheap price fuck with me.
Shit these colour brands I got them groceries.

I'm throwing money nigga like I'm Tom Bradie
Don't be surprised if Gucci fuck your old lady.
How I felt about you nigga you are all navy
I took your girlfriend to the spot and she went dumb crazy.
Might just hit the club with an 80 on me
Bitches standing in line swear they're waiting on me.
So much ice on I should have bought a water coat
But the chick is on the table like is devil time
You know Gucci Mane the shit that nigga burned a fool.
Chill niggas cripple bitches in my swimming pool
Two topless Russian twins playing ping-pong
And they say my patience's short but my money long.

Hopefully hopefully.
I'm running for mayor come and vote for me.
Vote for me smoke with me
Pron a couple beds I'll let you work for me.
Sell dope for me get blow for me
Gucci Mane got work yea that's a quote from me
Cheap price fuck with me.
Shit these colour brands lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Man I told these motherfuckers I was the last trapper man
The fuck these niggas talkin' about eh? Huh?
TCS trust gon first nigga let's go

Now you could tell that I did this shit first hand
I paid for it send it out and pray the work land
Soon as it touched the town I ain't servin' no weight I'm bringing everything down
Got my pop 'round the corner in the building poppin' 4-12
I sold at least the breakin' dimes before 12
Made my bags bigger they gave me more cents
I made at least a couple million off my dope bands
And I even put my trap in my bitch name
I put a little asteroid soon as the bricks came
Tryna find the love I'm tryna find the plug
Ain't sure what I could do when it come to moving drugs

Fit for G ounce of marijuana
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
Stay strapped party like a baller
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner

Fit for G ounce of marijuana
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
Stay strapped party like a baller
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner

I ball in my Polos don't ball in my Pumas
Gucci Mane look fab and I got some big cahunas
I'm a shockin' you with tuna and I just heard a rumor
Marooney white Jag callin' Oklahoma soon us
Gotta trap us round the corner til we spuzz in a dead end
Free rooms at today's inn this song says I'm a legend
I got 2 piece my 2 piece
I got twin tits and 3 vets
Half a mill in my cool net
And I do flicks where I glue bricks
Sell Vicodin sell H pills
Sell Molly sell Rufus
Tell Fish Scale I got Ninas got 4's got deuces
Got a lean spot that's exclusive
Got ounces pints and juices
Sell nick bad sell zig-zag
Sell pipes lighters and looses

Fit for G ounce of marijuana
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
Stay strapped party like a baller
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner

Fit for G ounce of marijuana
Made a million dollars from that house around the corner
Stay strapped lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Yea we on the air right now
Know what I'm sayin'?
You didn't think I was official man
Read my T-shirt man
Look what that say right there
My homie's back okay?
Talkin' Ferrari boys I'm the third member they haven't exposed out yet
But I am the third member
You know Ferrari boys so I'm out here to do my camie wall
Got my wardrobe together
Gucci good to have you back homie
Let's keep you back know what I mean? Alright
Sway world famous like you showed up keen and tech
I see you reached nice
Wuddup bitch I see you Vermont dukes
Shaheen Lee Bob Martin and Vic lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. 2 Chainz Future Waka Flocka Flame Yo Gotti DJ Scream)




Now all I rock is Polo dollar sign my logo
Then I drop the top on my car call it porno
Yeah I'm the realest you can ask your BM
Shawty I'm the shit aka the pimp
Warup Dj Scream Cory what's happenin'?
Spins on the beat Tity Boi rappin'
It's time to turn up told em let's do it
And I'm from the A turn our heat up with that unit


I'm an astronaut I'm a NASA I'm a rock star I'm a shotta
With a bomber clock who wanna test me
Yeah girl she wanna sex me
Caress me for me she turn to lesbi
I'm tuned into the radio I count up all these fetti
Ay DJ Spinz freebandz Cory B freebandz DJ Scream freebandz Talk to me freebandz
Ay DJ Spinz freebandz Cory B freebandz DJ Scream freebandz Talk to me freebandz


I'm so fucking turnt up with this hood bitch
Diamonds on my neck and wrist call it hood rich
But on some hood shit I fuck with the real niggas
In the trap with the goonies and the drug dealers
I'm so fucking turnt up with this hood bitch
Diamonds on my neck and wrist call it hood rich
But on some hood shit I fuck with the real niggas
In the trap with the goonies and the drug dealers


I'm capped up hood shit real nigga hood rich
Bad bitches only but she must be a hood bitch
I'm riding round in your city strapped up and I'm getting in
Lambo NASCAR loud pipes and I'm in it
Top down my chain on you a real nigga that's the same song
Glock 40 my aim on little fuck boy you a lame ho
I'm turned up can't turn me down
I'm sacked up and I'm on the town
The hell fire can't burn me down and you know the sound


This hood rich radio you better not change the station
It's Gucci mane la flare they say I changed the nation
I'm a trapper slash rapper yea that's my occupation
And I don't cary chump change all I do is carry faces
I'm monopoly I ball I think I'm Dominique
Primetime like Dion I make them kiss my cleats
I brought you juice I brought you flock Now whos the next to blow?
I'm so boulder crest so Texaco so Cresham road


I'm so fucking turnt up with this hood bitch
Diamonds on my neck and wrist call it hood rich
But on some hood shit I fuck with the real niggas
In the trap with the goonies and the drug dealers
I'm so fucking turnt up with this hood bitch
Diamonds on my neck and wrist call it hood rich
But on some hood shit lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Ay yeah boy ay yeah
Ay yeah boy ay yeah
Ay Yeah Ay yeah boy
Ay Yeah Ay Yeah boy
Ay yeah


Dirty dancing in my mansion in my t-shirt and her panties Uh
Touchin on her fanny she pretty just like my granny Uh
Gucci Manes a thug all he do is sell drugs uh
Once she see me in the club
Thirty minutes she in love uh
Your man is a has been
Gucci past ten
He an ant I'm an elephant
You should leave him uh
Middle of the day got her wearin lingerie
She so fine she so sexy she so pretty in the face uh
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane you suckers make your girl uh
Damn Imma really make her think Imma bump her uh
Punchin like a third grader we gonna get in trouble
Gucci Mane I think I love her
So we sex on top of covers uh
Went through plenty rubbers uh
Man this girl got stamina uh
Sex tapes just like Pamela
The average dude can't handle her uh
Solitary carry her uh
But I don't wanna marry her uh
Gucci Mane's a bachelor uh
But baby girl I snatched her up uh


She's a free agent but I snatched her up
She can play on my team
All my bench I trade'em in she gonna go get my green
She's my MVP She's my favorite
She my MVP She my favorite
Fakers on the trading block she gonna play on my team
Play her so i snatched her up she gonna star on my team
She my MVP She my favorite
She my MVP She my favorite


Come here baby listen uh
I just wanna be wit ya
Sex you on my furniture
Work it like ya manager uh
Don't need the kush she fine as uh
Toughest girl I never would
Ricky baby picky who I pick because I'm rich as fuck uh
Pick you up in Lamborghini's she pull up in Porsche trucks
If her husband found about up he'll probly divorce her uh
Sorry darling my rings on my feet I got a gator problem
Lizard fetish one thousand on my feet I'm in the Gucci Section
Gucci Mane be stupid flexin like he got a new connection
Baby girl so stupid sexy got me with a huge erection
Hit all that at the intersection
Tell me if you're interested
Public sex illegal but I bump you while we get arrested
Time out time out mine out time out
Your chick at the steak house
My right wrist a light house 
Honestly she got a man
I feel that I'm tryin to punish her
But she so fine I know she had one but shit Gucci confident uh.


She's a free agent but I snatched her up
She can play on my team
All my bench I trade'em in she gonna go get my green
She's my MVP She's my favorite
She my MVP She my favorite fakers on the trading block she gonna play on my team
Play her so i snatched her up she gonna star on my team
She my MVP She my favorite
She my MVP She my favorite


Gucci world girl come
Gucci's girls well cut
Gucci Mane Gucci Mane Drumma boy god damn
So Icey I am chillin with your girlfriend
You didnt put a ring on it so your not a husband
All night lovin
Naked back rubbin
Bump and grind and thumpinghumping
Gucci Mane the coach yeah
Imma crank the club up
Gucci got your girl toss salad hold ya wish though.


She's a free agent but I snatched her up
She can play on my team
All my bench I trade'em in she gonna go get my green
She's my MVP She's my favorite
She my MVP She my favorite fakers on the trading block she gonna play on my team
Play her so i snatched her up she gonna star on my team
She my MVP She my favorite
She my MVP lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Red Cafe Verse Simmonds)



Nevermind all these other Bitches baby you the best
I'm gon throw all this money till I ain't got nothin left
Take ya time with me baby I want all that I can get
All of this is yours but I just got one request.

Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours

Me you and ya friends damn we goin in
Shawty drop another bottle just in case tonight's the end
Take a hit of this we jumpin out the window
All that ass you gotta turn a priest into a nympho
And u bad as fuck you bad as fuck
Stepped out lookin so glamorous uh huh
All these hoes lookin like fans of yours uh huh
Girl I'd have a party all over your body if you let me
Girl don't act like you don't know.
Do that shit that you been practicin at home all alone
You just downed a half of bottle of Patron' on your own
Oh you gone? Yea you gone
It's ok cause you grown take it low as it go.

Nevermind all these other Bitches baby you the best
I'm gon throw all this money till I ain't got nothin left
Take ya time with me baby I want all that I can get
All of this is yours but I just got one request.

Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours

Yea shake it like you in Vegas
Shake it like you in Vegas
All these hoes don't shake like you so all these hoes your haters
We could take it to the basics
Champagne and fuck faces
I'm the dude that ever like I'm in the grip and then tape us
I'm a dog baby hold up baby
Please give me your all baby
You ain't never been with a freak like me
I'm a soak up all that sauce baby
You true as shit you my down girl
Ass round this my town girl
I bet this Chanel bag will upside down your frown girl
Shake it like you wasn't well fed
Why would you go elsewhere?
I'm a keep it 100 fuck me good and you get medcare
Let me sample that bonbon that gushy gushy bonbon
Scratch that let me explode in that
Time bomb like...

Nevermind all these other Bitches baby you the best
I'm gon throw all this money till I ain't got nothin left
Take ya time with me baby I want all that I can get
All of this is yours but I just got one request.

Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours

If you keep that shit 100 when can make little 'bove 100
Thousand dollars baby girl it's all good with the bigger country
I'm a big boy I don't play no games girls I play with money
I got hoods lined on their pussies
Said I hit 'em when I wouldn't
Say she say she down demandin' why she all off in my sushi
She so sexy she so fine
Just to meet her is a blessing
Have your motor where your trunk is s'posed to be the stupid question
Is it real or is it fake they do mine girl let me test ya
Pressure over bank row baby dance it ain't no stress
You my dick standin' at attention like a fuckin' army bitch
Let me smash her half the night then she woke up and cooked me breakfast
I told her I wished I could stay but I gotta catch a flight to Texas

Nevermind all these other Bitches baby you the best
I'm gon throw all this money till I ain't got nothin left
Take ya time with me baby I want all that I can get
All of this is yours but I just got one request.

Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours

Don't it feel good to know you got fans?
Waitin' on you girl cause you bad
Something like the main attraction yea you the one the one
Girl let's get a little personal don't take it personal
But you a bad bitch I just had to let you know
But I'm on it goddamn
I want it but so bad
For tonight I thought that you likin' this
You be good whatever you like
Talkin' girl as we speak
Got the world at your feet
Got o school of Alabama
Every Monday you be back in Atlanta
You don't really party that's the money involved
Other than that you get turned back home
You don't ever be around girls less drama
Do something that you faked up with your mama
Along with all that ass you get all this cash

Nevermind all these other Bitches baby you the best
I'm gon throw all this money till I ain't got nothin left
Take ya time with me baby I want all that I can get
All of this is yours but I just got one request.

Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that
All of this is yours
Shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that shake that lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Well it take money to make money
That's why I make money
Need some today so
I'm a go and take they money
Play money I weigh money
Hundred grand that's play money
Counterfeit that's fake money
Lob city that's Blake money
Cash money that Drake money
Broke niggas they hate money
Rappers they get slave money
Gucci Mane I save money
Gamble in your face money
Brick squad we taste money
Gold diggers they chase money
Rich niggas! We waste money!
Street smart I know money
Y'all niggas got no money
Still making that slow money
Hide cause you owe money
Pimp niggas get ho money
Scared money don't make money
Like Big Meech I blow money
Y'all niggas is so funny


It take money to make money
Anytime you ready 
Wanna race nigga wanna gamble?
Anytime you ready 
Like to shop and like to travel?
Anytime you ready 
I could hit the club and go crazy
Anytime you ready 

Got money I said it
Bricksquad we ain't petty
I'm so big headed hundred eighty grand on my chevy
Go broke won't let it
Swag sick can't help it
Financial goals I met it
It's a drumma track and it's epic
Hood nigga with credit
Bills I don't sweat it
Cash I go get it
But these broke niggas pathetic
Rich niggas go get it
Bitch niggas get jealous
Drop money I'm careless
It's all mine I'm selfish
Your money home you left it?
Broke nigga can't help it
Ball hard I'm wealthy
Thank God I'm healthy
From the jet way to the jet-ski
Aren't you glad you met me?
Haters say they don't like me
But they gotta respect me!




G nigga about paper
Them niggas getting the vapor
We them niggas flipping that money
And them other niggas be fakers
High roller we shot call
Real nigga we been balling
Pussy nigga catch a sideline and
Watching niggas who both balling
Hustle nigga my own line
Pussy niggas get flat-line
Money nigga get all the time
New whip for the sunshine
Hustle with my balling nigga
Cooking up them quarter nigga
Stepping up them order niggas
Getting it out that water nigga
Rich game my rich gang nigga
Feline and my wrist game nigga
Weed niggas getting rich game
We the niggas flipping the wrist game
Key nigga we move blood
Get it from the G blood
Uptown lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Plies Rocko)



That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay

That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay

Her lips. her tongue her mouf the bomb
The award for the best mouf I swear she won
The way she chew with her gums feel like she ain't got no teeth
68 I owe her one at 204 I owe her 3 
That mouf that mouf
I swear I fuckin' love her mouf
Let her kiss me on my head
Never kiss me on my mouf
Crazy brain smarty mouf
Stupid dumb retarded mouf
Her jaws so tight her neck so right
She got that party mouf
She a real cool chick I fuck with her she don't run her mouf
Keep my name up out her mouf can't keep keep my thing up out her mouf
Met her up north keep her south something 'bout her mouf
Put me to sleep can't feel my feet
Whenever she give me that mouf

That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay

That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay

I'm black like that I mack like that
I act like I don't know her
I'm Gucci and she love my aura but I like her oral
Her boyfriend got her spoiled takin' trips to Bora Bora
But I treat her like whore she suckin' dick from 2 to 4
And my top it drop my boobies out
She super stout with super mouf
Recruit her mouf salute her mouf
I'm in and out all through her mouf
She suckin' dick all through the house
She salivin' like a poodel
I choose her mouf abuse her mouf
But never do I refuse her mouf
She eat a dick I squirt a bit she got a barracuda mouf
Head so good a lame nigga might empty out his bank account
She cussed me out bitch watch your mouf
I wish that I could save her mouf
She topped me off right off the couch
I nutted she didn't take it out

That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay

That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay

Me and her okay but I'm in love with her esophagus
Asked me was her mouf good I told that bitch I'm positive
Asked me why I'm gutta with her told her it's my prerogative
Told me that I taste good I told the bitch gracias
I just wanna make her mouf good I told her when it's the sloppiest
Told me daddy talk to me I told her bitch you pilin' it
I just wanna buy her mouf I asked 'er was she sellin' it
One word describe her with the dick bitch you passionate
She be wanting the lights on but I be wanting the opposite
I'm just tryna dog her mouf they just wanna wife the bitch
Told her she can get rich off the mouf if she licensed it
Suck and fuck me the same damn time I'm on that future shit

That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay I'm in love with her mouf ay

That mouf that mouf that mouf...
She got a fly mouf ayy just something 'bout her mouf
Ayy I'm in love with her mouf
Ay ay lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I love things about her
I love the way she treat me
I love the way she fuck me
I love the way she suck me


I'm a trap-aholic all I do is ball
Tear the mall down now trick
Don't flag me down. See me down town 'Rrari
I didn't mean to shit on you. Excuse me sorry
Verse so slick make my video marvelous
Polo to the floor. Ralph'd down like Carlton
Try the CEO they goin' put you on a carton
I didn't mean no harm but my diamonds are dumb plenty rocks on my arm
Me & Rocko the Don East Atlanta the Slum
Where I'm from got a gun in the club havin fun
And after it's done no more coaches to call it
After party? Bachelor party they shoulda called it


I love things about her 
I love the way she treat me 
I love the way she fuck me 
I love the way she suck me 


Man I love the way she shake it
I like her cause she groovy
Love to see her naked; I love to watch her move it
I like her cause she the coolest
A good head on her shoulders I love the way she use it
Aye I like the way she fuck me love the way she suck me
Love how everytime we play she catch it like rugby
I love she know what's up with me she love me cause I'm gudda
I like a lot about her; though but still I don't love her
Still super cool though yeah she my lil buddy
She be sharper than a pencil
Yeah she my lil cuddy
Shawty say I'm dirty but when I see her she wanna hug me
Super swagger charismatic all my bitches love me


I love things about her 
I love the way she treat me 
I love the way she fuck me 
I love the way she suck me 


I love how she be swallowin my nut then she be throwin me up
I like the way she fuck but still I hate when she be blowin me up
All the busters just sweat her only ballers can get her
She a flipper I love how she do whatever I tell her
Yeah I like her a lot but still don't love her at all
I hate pussy ass niggas and I'm in love with the mall
I got a crush on white diamonds and I got a thang for that kush
That sour diesel my favorite you betta watch how you look
Quick to take ya lil diva and treat that ho like a slut
She was suckin on Gucci I had my dick in her butt
You know I'm bad bitch crazy 187's my favorite
Infatuated with money lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










I got my girl dancing with another girl
I got my girl grinding on another girl
And I love it when they dancing
Girl on girl girl on girl girl on girl


My girl dancing with fine women
Fine with me she poison Mike Pippings
Manolo said it that girl is a lesbian
Holter top Alexander leggings on
Plus she white girl wasted
2 white girls on the dance floor naked
She's grinding on her my eyes low from the medical one up
When it's all said and done can we fornicate?
Take you out your birthday suit eat your birthday cake
It's phantoms and them Bentley's when them homies roll
The mansion like an old loop video
So much siroc they think I'm diddy yo
2 models dancing looking like centerfolds
And my pockets full of knots from them bank rolls
Castelle on them boozy ass stake hoes


I got my girl dancing with another girl
I got my girl grinding on another girl
And I love it when they dancing
Girl on girl girl on girl girl on girl


Grind down grilly fine hoe silly
Drinking ace of spade till they ass get thrilly
Gucci's just chillin Ned's just chillin
Got a colt 45 just like dilly
I'm smoking on piffy I'm like king Griffith
Knocking home ones cause my nigga just dripping
I'm a be a billionaire if God willing
Money to the ceiling that's how the squad feeling
Girls on girls girls on girls
Going animal like squirrel on squirrel
Brick squad world Gucci Mane here
White in the club with the quarter mill ears


I got my girl dancing with another girl
I got my girl grinding on another girl
And I love it when they dancing
Girl on girl girl on girl lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Bobby Valentino Kafani)



She's tryna play hard I get it
Meet me at the car in five minutes
And bring your friend if she's with it
Both of ya gonna get it
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down

It's Gucci!
Tryna play hard I get it
Got good game I spit it
Wanna bring a friend? I'm with it
Oh that's your girlfriend? My bad I hit it
Like when it's gushy I twist it let's go out let's kick it
If you still runnin' shops in my city
And I can't even lie you fly and I dig it
Call me when you ain't busy
Two bad bitches they're kissing
One I will go they miss it
I'm the one they call for the late night visit

She's tryna play hard I get it
Meet me at the car in five minutes
And bring your friend if she's with it
Both of ya gonna get it
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down

I love chicks I get chicks I keep me a bad bitch
I ride with ya's I take I brag I got it
Bentley got it! Bright lean got it
Chick I ride it dick she ride it!
Baby bring your friends in here she a nympho
Backstage stripper babygirl really get dough
I'm a knock it down oh really really beat it up
She ride me like a 6 stick make me skeet eat it up
Momma is a full when it comes with the sex talk
Met her at the bar with her friend and we crap up
Sex where we left off they both got a big ass
Funny baby got the ladies yeah I keep okay

She's tryna play hard I get it
Meet me at the car in five minutes
And bring your friend if she's with it
Both of ya gonna get it
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down

Pull up valet new whips foreign
2 chick foreign Rosay pourin'
All the ladies on me now when I got them 2
Baby catch me next time you could get your issue
I ain't playin' no games girl I'm a knock that pussy down
Eat it up and bend it over I'm a go a hundred rounds
Girl bring your girlfriends girl flickin girls too
Got a nice tongue ring and some good pearl too
Model type designer type baby really light it right
Funny baby got the ladies giving money every night
Head game proper rolling stone like a rocker
Gotta have 2 girls baby girl bring your trap to me

Hard I get it
Meet me at the car in five minutes
And bring your friend if she's with it
Both of ya gonna get it
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down
Cause I knock 'em down knock 'em down knock 'em down lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Rick Ross Ludacris Wale Meek Mill Gunplay Future)




I wear Gucci I wear bailey at the same damn time
On the phone cooking dope at the same damn time
Selling white selling mid at the same damn time
Fucking two bad bitches at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
I'm at Pluto I'm at Mars at the same damn time
On the sofa poppin' bottles at the same damn time


Fuck your sister and you girl at the same damn time
All these diamonds that I rock could make a bitch go blind
Yella ice white ice at the same damn time
Walkin' straight in the club I don't stand in no line
Know my glasses Jimmy Chus but I got them Gucci shoes
Rule the Louie V and Prada that I swear I'm so confused
I got the future Linige mall in the same damn day
Spendin' 10k in future feel the same damn way
Serve my baby momma brother got the same ole grind
Sellin' bills sellin' bricks at the same damn time
I get better every year so my flow is like wine
I'm a rapper and a trapper at the same damn time


I wear Gucci I wear bailey at the same damn time
On the phone cooking dope at the same damn time
Selling white selling mid at the same damn time
Fucking two bad bitches at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
I'm at Pluto I'm at Mars at the same damn time
On the sofa poppin' bottles at the same damn time


Whipping white and baking soda at the same damn time
Puffy got a mansion bitch I got the same damn kind
Went and bought two sixty twos at the same damn time
Rock an AP and a Rolly at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
Still selling boy and girl at the same damn time
Selling cane getting brain at the same damn time
All the women say my name at the same damn time
Letting off two different choppers at the same damn time
Putting down in different projects at the same damn time
Dope money still a object it's the same damn grind
But I got two platinum artists at the same damn time
Went and got two Maseratis at the same damn time
Liberace John Gotti at the same damn time
At the same damn time it's the same damn grind
Captain boy cooking crack at the same damn time
On my Twitter writing raps at the same damn time
Getting head counting bread at the same down time


She on Molly she with Mary at the same damn time
We the squad Young Folarin out that Maybach Mob
Fuck a tape fuck your broad
Middle finger up to the mother fucking law
No days off Gunplay ball sick with the cross like DeRon going off
At the same damn time
Shape like a eight face like a nine
Heard she dancin' at Kamal's and she make too much to stop
And she stripping go to college
And they trickin' her deposit
While them bitches always gossip she busy going shopping
At the same at the same time
And your girl don't show her face when I be FaceTimin'
SB Nike's with the grey box
You in the past me and Future on the same watch


I wear Gucci I wear bailey at the same damn time
On the phone cooking dope at the same damn time
Selling white selling mid at the same damn time
Fucking two bad bitches at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
I'm at Pluto I'm at Mars at the same damn time
On the sofa poppin' bottles at the same damn time


All black khaki jumper actin' a donkey
At the same damn time got these bitches poppin' monkey
Metro Zoo in here with my crew in here
With all these hogs in the game no room for you in here
Limo tints on my shades skinnies on my blades
Crocodile kicks like my hood the Everglades
Rich forever paid
Do it with no effort now let's effin' celebrate
Toast and spill the grapes hoes catchin' vapes
Toe touchin' freaks
She jumped on my pole and did a pole trick for me
Slippin' on ya pimpin' that means more grip for me
Chrome lips on the Forgi's damn near swallowing the street
You owe me homie have that now
I'm a pull that Gat out now
Must be out your rabbit mind I'm thuggin' rappin' same damn time


I rock Gucci I rock Louie at the same damn time
I shoot you and kill ya homie with the same damn nine
In kitchen whippin' blow it got the same damn crumbs
I need a ho that's like my pro without the same damn mind
At the same damn time gettin' hit on by a couple hoes
Two big faces on my wrist boy I got a couple those
I told her I love that pussy she think we a couple though
And she got a boyfriend but she say he a sucka though
At the same time pull up like James Bond
In that Aston Martin on these niggas game time
Fresh ass Mike's my Rollie on ice
Got bitches on Mollies they rollin' all night
I be way out in Cali got hoes of all types
With 80 racks in my pocket nigga I go in all night


I wear Gucci I wear bailey at the same damn time
On the phone cooking dope at the same damn time
Selling white selling mid at the same damn time
Fucking two bad bitches at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
I'm at Pluto I'm at Mars at the same damn time
On the sofa poppin' bottles at the same damn time


Yeaah Luda is unstoppable his money is astronomical
Sell as many records as a nigga like me that shit is just impossible
Rappers is dillusional and now they talking more shit
Anything is lie when it coming out the mouth of a desperate starving broke Bitch
Choke Bitch you used to be good but now you're garbage
Any nigga that wanna step up to the plate and battle will get demolished
My flows is rubbing off just like their fingernail polish
You rappers ain't got no swag you need to kill your Fucking stylist
They biting like piranhas then crying to their momma
These Niggas best to call their troops back like Obama
That trash that you're spitting didn't faze me matter of fact your record label still pays me
See Luda never starting shit I'm always on my grind but I'll respond to three rappers at the same damn time


I wear Gucci I wear bailey at the same damn time
On the phone cooking dope at the same damn time
Selling white selling mid at the same damn time
Fucking two bad bitches at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
At the same damn time at the same damn time
I'm at Pluto I'm at Mars at the same damn time
On the sofa poppin' bottles lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









So this is the end of the story


Started selling weed from my brother the age was eleven
Thirty off a hundred dollars he working the shipments
Seventh grade Christmas time momma gave me a fifty
I spent that fifty with the dope man he gave me two fifties
I owed a fifty but I trapped and I paid him so quickly
I had them dimes so big junkies callin me biggie
I moved out paying rent was such a good feeling
I hit a lick thirty grams fell out of the ceiling
Im in Savannah and my nigga like king of the city
In Alabama with them hammers they plotting to get me
These suckers tried to take my life on a couple of occasions
They grinded hard thirty years never took a vacation
And ever since seventeen been stuck on probation
I chased a nigga stabbed his ass now they calling me Jason
I fell out with my homeboy I swear it was crazy
And we don't really know each other but he having a baby
I travelled all around the world been plenty of places
I'm Gucci trashbag cash got plenty of faces
In Sun Valley trapping hard like back in the Eighties
I left with eighty lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










I got a Robin jean saggin' and I ain't even braggin'
I gave the bitch five hundred fuck it I ain't even cryin'
Now I'm gettin' older rocking Gucci Louis 'lo
I still remember the first day that I ain't had to serve swoll
Without sand to the beach I brought toast to the source
I did ya girlfriend a autograph Gucci Mane pose
It ain't no muthafuckin' secret hell yeah I got shooted 
I'm the plug to the plug I'ma goddamn boost
You ain't no muthafuckin' gangsta you's a goddamn moofer
And you gettin' in the way cause your homegirl choosin'  
I'm on my birthday Gucci want a brand new uzi
I'm my worst day I'm worth ten mill no jewlery 


Killa's waitin' in the bushes just to tie ya ass up
Gave my young nigga a gun and told 'em to fire yo ass up
Seems like everywhere you go somebody try ya ass up
I got real money nigga I can buy my own luck

Headshots 
All my young niggas aiming headshots
Headshots 
Put a dub on yo head
Headshots 


Yo son call you a dead beat
Stepped on my feet nigga you dead meat
I'm grinding up this ground beef
I think they just wanna surround me
Self made with a brick too
Nigga shoes dirty but the stick new
Hittin' 12th grade with a big crew
Now I'm well paid I can flip you
Holding on my dick Michael Corleone bitch
Headshot like Fredo fuck nigga don't flintch 
The empire back the empire back
I got some whip out in foltin my brick just keep boucin' back


Killa's waitin' in the bushes just to tie ya ass up
Gave my young nigga a gun and told 'em to fire yo ass up
Seems like everywhere you go somebody try ya ass up
I got real money nigga I can buy my own luck

Headshots 
All my young niggas aiming headshots
Headshots 
Put a dub on yo head
Headshots 


Nigga's got killed at my show last weekend
But how am I to blame when they were already beefin' 
When they first started shootin' man we were just leavin'
Try bricksquad and we wont let you get up that easy
Gucci Mane the C.E.O I feel like eazy 
The rap game love me but the dope game need me
Baby said she never seen a nigga so freezin'  
These Vivi S diamond's make me feel like major 
I had a pistol in the club first day I met Weezy
AR in the car the first day I met Jeezy
When I first started dissin nigga said it just teasin'
Glock 40 on my hip it was just me and mac breezy 


Killa's waitin' in the bushes just to tie ya ass up
Gave my young nigga a gun and told 'em to fire yo ass up
Seems like everywhere you go somebody try ya ass up
I got real money nigga lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Addicted to the pesos mane
Addicted to that dinero you know what I mean?


I can't get no sleep I got the money habit
Every time I see some money you know I gotta grab it
Dope boy I do magic with saran wrapper
The same old bricks than the contractor
And you can't bring it back if you done bust a wrapper
My daughter four months bricks in her Pampers
I'm a role master I love Tampa
You say you're from the streets then I gotta stamp ya
Grant Jackson Ben Franklin
If money do what you did you ain't gonna make it
The streets will get it to you and the streets will take it
Every nigga in the streets got no patience


I got money habits I got money habits
Every time I see some money yeah I gotta grab it
I got money habits I got money habits
Daydreaming seeing money talking Ben Franklin
I got money habits I got money habits
Every time I see some money yeah I gotta grab it
I got money habits I got money habits
Daydreaming seeing money talking Ben Franklin


I go loco bout that gwapo on the chopper with the chopper
Like a rasta I will shot your blocka blocka Waka Floka
I got youngers in the hood will kill you whack for fifty dollar
Holla red rock if get you scared nigga I never holler
Don't be bothered that scrap deceitful right to your father
I brought tape to a Tyler
Knowing about a anthem but I got a bunch of baby bottles
For instance I bag dough the digger never bother
I diss this floor of the Georgia's father
My B goes and still sends the bills across the border
Up the boat bitch I splash you look like she came out the water
It's Brick Squad to some scene and ain't no niggas harder


I got money habits I got money habits
Every time I see some money yeah I gotta grab it
I got money habits I got money habits
Daydreaming seeing money talking Ben Franklin
I got money habits I got money habits
Every time I see some money yeah I gotta grab it
I got money habits I got money habits
Daydreaming seeing money lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Mr. East a line it back nigga
Aka Mr. Perfect
Aka Gucci Sousa
Aka the trap god Nicholas go


Hallelujah
My blood just send me 50 I got first wide a refusal
My bitch is my main shooter I make my bitch go do ya
Dont bring your bitch around my chick my bitch might Jimmy chew er
Its guap it aint hip-hop but I bet diamonds bluer
Got 3 spots I got 2 drops and it aint no nigga cooler
Got 3 reigns I got 10 chains and I thank on Ricky Ruller
Got the young niggas in my straight A cuz thats a odd maneuver
My trap back I had a flashback when I shot at a intruder
In the section full of bad bitches and they all wanna smoke hookas
Well I beat the block the way I work the trade
Man you think Im a producer
The sergeant here  Medusa
Get dumb have you nigga tutored


I might not by you no Mercedes
But Imma drive your ass crazy
That sucker shit it dont phase me
They way she sucking  so amazing
Im bout to drive a bitch crazy
That sucker shit just dont phase me
Im bout to make a bitch pay me
You take good care of nigga baby
Im bout to drive a bitch crazy


White flag no black car
Flat back car off 2 bars
With 3 broads 40 grand in my G stars
Pink slip  dont lease ours
Who the fuck you think we are?
Retard kick start this brick squad
That candy touch your body parts
Trapped out like towed cars
Goons have it real like drug lords


Got young cars in gold cars
My A&Rs are dope boy
Like the drugs are in a coke war
Just whip a nigga with a crowbar
Security guards they trail the use
So we pullin up and shoot in both cars
Pack a nigga like a pack boy
Paint a nigga like Moz-art
Save a nigga life as a kingpin
Oh I defined his ass in the junkyard
Murda shit I know boy
I aint really scared of no boy
Couple homeboys and lil joy
And they all wait me come home boy
Got bricks all on my finger
Bricks all in my float boat
Aint know a nigga pay the low for it
But respect me I cant go for it
All my hoes will fly for it
All my niggas would die for it
And I can tell a killer when I see one
You could say Gucci got a eye for it


I might not by you no Mercedes
But Imma drive your ass crazy
That sucker shit it dont phase me
They way she sucking  so amazing
Im bout to drive a bitch crazy
That sucker shit just dont phase me
Im bout to make a bitch pay me
You take good care of nigga lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Gucci Meek Millie
From ATL to Philly nigga
Real recognize real
Yeah we hood rich
Trap God turn us up


I'm a money gettin nigga
At least that's just what I'm known for
You better call on my connect
And aks him what he put me on for
I heard ya'll niggas ballin
Dude why the fuck you take a loan for?
Better get the fuck out East Atlanta
You niggas know you don't belong here


All my niggas smoking scrome here
We don't talk reckless on the phone here
A lot of cliques don't get along here
Brick Squad my nigga we rock our own gear
I'm on the kriss and on the long chair
I hope that you don't read me wrong
But if I go pull out that tongue dear
I bet that you don't make it home
I'm in the choppers with my long Johns
And I've been trapping all day long
They call me back and so they on scron
Before it dry that shit be gone


I'm a money gettin nigga
At least that's just what I'm known for
You better call on my connect
And aks him what he put me on for
I heard ya'll niggas ballin
Dude why the fuck you take a loan for?
You'd better stay out by the Philly nigga
You know you pussies don't belong here


Rose go on my bottle six
Half a mill on foreign whip
I'm in it well with a foreign bitch
I'm on a bright strap and she on this dick
Just bow there you lame
You diamonds look strange
I'm grinding like Wayne when he on that skateboard I'm said
Nigga you new girl's my open
My old bitch - your new girl
Young low rich Philly nigga them hoes tell me I'm toothed up
I don't need to fuck one on one
'Cause when I come I need two girls
That down to fuck like all night
Give them bitches that hard pipe
Ridin with a hoe named Keyshia
And we smoking no Keyshia
Young nigga friends like easter
Blood dripping on my sneackers
Straight drop I stick that
I celebrate I get back
That Molly look like a Tic-Tac
And I tell that hoe that I get that like oh


I'm a money gettin nigga
At least that's just what I'm known for
You better call on my connect
And aks him what he put me on for
I heard ya'll niggas ballin
Dude why the fuck you take a loan for?
Better get the fuck out East Atlanta
You niggas know you don't belong here


I drop a bag on your head nigga
And then locate your ass like all star
I ain't had to buy shit nigga
My nigga Waka got his own car
You want my dick like you a bitch nigga
Won't you go and coach your own boys?
And I don't wanna go back to jail nigga
But you gonna make me catch one more charge
I can look and tell you fraid nigga
But you keep on tryin to look hard
Your friends keep aksing what's the spell nigga
That's your motherfucking home boys


I'm a money gettin nigga
At least that's just what I'm known for
You better call on my connect
And aks him what he put me on for
I heard ya'll niggas ballin
Dude lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Young Scooter Waka Flocka Flame)




Hold ya rollie up hold ya rollie up
If you've got a rollie then hold it up
If you ain't got a rollie bitch step it up
If you got a rollie then keep it up


Since my money fat I'm throwin stacks
Patron shots I'm throwin back
We look good I'm a spend some racks
Turn round back and a brick squad tat
Taz brought it back but it still don't pass
Push that Jag with a bag of cash
All this stash and I hope it lasts
And I've never seen the bitch suck dick so fast
I ain't even know you was rich like that
How the hell a nigga pull a bitch like that?
How the hell a nigga got a watch like that?
How a nigga face to face with some shit like that?
Better have a mil we've been like that
Tell the hoes how the goose is like that
Whole clique rock 'n' roll looks like that
Got chick like this so we flex like that
I'm serious nigga they're curipus nigga
These thugs have a bitch delirious nigga
Don't see it nigga can't hear them niggas
Don't stand there and don't feel them nigga
I'm the trill nigga since a lil nigga
Only difference got it bigger nigga
She a eye catcher let er car catcher
But it's chainless so let the watch go


Hold ya rollie up hold ya rollie up
If you've got a rollie then hold it up
If you ain't got a rollie then step it up
If you got a rollie then keep it up 


A dope boy watch is a Rolex
Every dope boy dream to have a Rolex
Everybody in the hood want a Rolex
You better keep your pistol with your Rolex
Ride smoking counting in that Rolls Royce
I brought the streets back it needed my voice
Took the nigga for a check and bought a white horse
Bought a gold rollie just to match the dope
You want a yacht master know your mathematics
Hold your rollie up and view a real traffic
I'm not a real rapper I've got a real chick
Real street nigga with a rollie


Hold ya rollie up hold ya rollie up
If you've got a rollie then hold it up
If you ain't got a rollie bitch step it up
If you got a rollie then keep it up 


There's a plan masterpiece no AP
64 Gs tryina freeze me
My diamonds kicking Jet Li
I'm balling hard no referee
Brought present watches for the homies
Crime pay fuck police
Came a long way from that Benny
Getting topped off of my Bentley!
It's a Daytona no Hubo
Got a pink slip no car note
I'm balling hard fucking up a chick
Real street nigga I ain't gotta flex
I can count a mil don't break a sweat
That iced out rollie got a pussy wet
Got your little brother throwing up the set
Got your lil sister throwing up the set
Waka Flocka Flame!


Chugga then your motherfucker screaming Rolex game
If you own a rollie getting money do your thang
You a broke nigga kill yourself  Kurt Cobain
Squad!


Hold ya rollie up lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Shouts to the big homie Coach K
Shouts to the whole 10-17 Brick Squad
Hood with ya nigga


Money foe dope so bitch you already know
White birds black birds serving pigeons and crows
I'm with the dope so good I've been jumped out the foe
Mother fuck the ATL and the border patrol
Me and my amigos at the table shots of dom Julio
I fucked your bitch a week ago but I ain't gonna fuck her no more
I got them stacks on her but the mattress so I sleep with the dough
I got them P stuffed in the wall so yeah I live with the cold
It's Brick Squad and I know you niggas mad 'cause you broke
He seen my video on the TV and he broke the remote
I'm like Pablo on his prime shoulder deep with the snow
I'm with your paper word nigga many ya'll niggas some hoes


I've been on some fuck the world shit lately
And I grind to get where I'm at
These niggas don't wanna see you with these stacks
I'm a fly nigga to be exact
And I've been on some fuck the world shit lately
'Cause I grind to get where I'm at
These niggas don't wanna see you with these stacks
I fuck fly bitches to be exact
And I've been on some fuck the world shit


I got all eyes only like Pac here
But I ain't tryin to go broke like Ja did
I ain't tryin to fuck my dealer like Block did
I'm tryin to stack them free benz like Rock did
Tell the truth I never thought that I'd get this big
I think I'm bout to buy some choppers like 2Kid
I came in flexin jewelry like Glip did
Got every penny out the six I swear I milk it
That bridge core shit I built it
I put Flocka in the game and it killed it
I did a song with Lil Wayne and I killed it
My only wish my nigga Dunc was here to whip shit


I've been on some fuck the world shit lately
And I grind to get where I'm at
These niggas don't wanna see you with these stacks
I'm a fly nigga to be exact
And I've been on some fuck the world shit lately
'Cause I grind to get where I'm at
These niggas don't wanna see you with these stacks
I fuck fly bitches to be exact
And I've been on some fuck the world shit


My uncle Remy died from smoking cane
My cousin suicide he blowed out the brain
They gave my nigga 30 years he in the chain gang
I just had to drop a 40 racks up on my ring
Homie Giuseppe's walking in the ring
I can't even help it I've been through some things
I put my heart in every verse and when I'm on that plane
I'm thanking God for all my watches and all my chains
I'm in Chanelle and I'm in Feragamas
These bitches know I'll work your karmas
They know I got that lama
And Molly's sister just got out that coma
That sick has set her in her bones lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










See this swagger that real boss music you know
I mean you know you had a...
You gotta turn up this shit a lil louder you feel me?
Gucci Mane
Scream!


I ain't never want a Grammy I have never been a nominee
Bees in my Hummer V 30 grand for one of these
I don't like these pussy ass niggas just like Chief Keef
Bon apetit when I eat nigga feast feast
Bishop think capish pish
Keep her on a short leash
Half people deceased
Cause they know they dig me
Toes out top off grinding my freak G
You came to the game but you way in the cheap seat


I swear they don't want me to succeed
But I'm not letting them leave until I stop em from breathing
And I ain't fucking 'round
Don't let 'em get you down
Man it will make a nigga really wanna act up
Cause I'm a do what I'm a do on my new got electric
What about you? But I ain't fucking 'round
Don't let 'em get you down


I got killers on my payroll moving when I say so
These hoes don't really love me they just love I got a bank roll
Pluggy just keep sending blow
He ain't never said no
He mixing on the hat they broke
And I can't understand fool
I'm talkin to you pussy ass nigga  you'd better listen
Stepped is that so hard? With that pistol he paid attention
Jump up with them cane start hittin' cause they were snitchin
Tell the avalanche hey no need to rush cause shorty twistin'


I swear they don't want me to succeed
But I'm not letting them leave until I stop em from breathing
And I ain't fucking 'round
Don't let 'em get you down
Man it will make a nigga really wanna act up
Cause I'm a do what I'm a do lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Yea
If Trap Music ain't motherfuckin hip-hop
I can't tell my nigga
Cause y'all doin' what we does
It's Gucci Shawty Red nigga
Let's go


A bitch I can't catch is something I've never seen 
A bitch I can't catch I will never see 
She come around me she won't wanna leave 
Her game so good have her onto me
You niggas spilled the drops but drops I never see
My flow so clean make your nose bleed
The feel so strong make you breach a tear
The smoke so strong higher down the tree


Sad sad story take a look at my journey
And the rap was full of niggas tryina give em some money
We nigs fix pain bills pills and diamonds
RIP my uncle Sunny and my homeboy Lenny
I trick so many people should go church on Sunday
But I would be a hypocrite because the work on Monday
I grew up so fucked up that's I'm all so cuddy
And I can honestly tell you niggas that I'm so dishonest
Let's give a shout out to the ducks in the world are plenty
You think Gucci give a fuck you got one thing coming
If you's a buster me and you have nothing in common
Trap house stash house all our world bout money
It's Gucci


A bitch I can't catch is something I've never seen 
A bitch I can't catch I will never see 
She come around me she won't wanna leave 
Her game so good have her onto me
You niggas spilled the drops but drops I never see
My flow so clean make your nose bleed
The feel so strong make you breach a tear
The smoke so strong higher down the tree


Futuristic wrist watch if you rollie tic toc
Then it's not a rollie hoe you roll it to the toop top
Six shot big shot top down but tits out
Rolls Royce drop top call Alfred Hitchcock
Miss Biggie I miss Pac
She walked out she bitched out
She suck the dick non-stop
I think I hit the jackpot
She act out she ashed out
We ranned out you're handout
Rappers say they stand out
But yet they got they hand out
You trap niggas gonna hip-hop
Then Gucci Mane ain't hip-hop
Humble county grow houses then we have a great crop
Hard in the paint trap but nigga I can play out
They showed to me 300 bucks I served his ass a shaved ounce


A bitch I can't catch is something I've never seen 
A bitch I can't catch I will never see 
She come around me she won't wanna leave 
Her game so good have her onto me
You niggas spilled the drops but drops I never see
My flow so clean make your nose bleed
The feel so strong make you breach a tear
The smoke so strong lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Whole lot of chains don't let them get loose
Sipping rich man juice that's a 4 wanna deuce
All my cars they ain't got no roof
And I'm pleading that guilty they ain't got no proof
Look in my closet I ain't got no suits
2 thousand dollar shirts 4 thousand dollars boots
Broke ass nigga ain't got no clue
I'm so rich I can buy your troops
Gucci going broke you're a God damn fool
Piss so bad I'm a put it through school
These rob niggas don't move like me
When I move all the young niggas gonna move
You can run up but what you gonna prove
Gucci Mane put you on the God damn news


Whole lot of ice and a bunch of tattoos
When you choose me baby you know you can't loose


Baby got that back pack and that's that
Pocket got the fast stacks and that's that
Pull up in a what's that and that's that
Pull up in a what's that and that's that
If it's my show then the club packed and that's that
And you might not get your bitch back and that's that
Yeah I'm smoking on that loud pack and that's that
That droooow...


Got a bitch so bad looking good with no pants
Running down on the booth cause the bitch so bad
Proceed on the jag got her boyfriend mad lined outside
Bitch with the Georgia tats
Smelling so bad she in all your hair
Bossed up bitch she pluck your ass
Red bottom heels and the matching package
She riding around the city just dropping swag
Real fat ass take out of that I gotta ask I gotta ask
Hunned yard dash for the cash I do
Have a car so fast I lose your ass
Hoe so bad that she got you blinded
Kill you a cat you should buy her diamonds
All my life girl where you been?
Bitch so fine we move her in
Hold up stop that devil trippin
Last thing I need to do is move that bishop
Yeah we good and we're smooth
What can I say baby I'm a tycoon
Gucci mane I ain't for the job no boom
But tell your girlfriend she can jump in too


Whole lot of ice and a bunch of tattoos
When you choose me baby you know you can't loose


Baby got that back pack and that's that
Pocket got the fast stacks and that's that
Pull up in a what's that and that's that
Pull up in a what's that and that's that
If it's my show then the club packed and that's that
And you might not get your bitch back and that's that
Yeah I'm smoking on that loud pack lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I use to trap on the corner but that was decades ago
I was high as a cloud and that was seconds ago
I had the game in the lock a couple records ago
And I ain't never trust nobody I would check in the door
And if you spend a living molding your necklace will glow
He see me textin the phone and I ain't choking the hoe
But he keep talkin bout a gangsta he put fault in the hoe
I gave my dentist a 50 just for my trophies to show
I look like Pablo Escobar the way I'm holding the drow
I feel like Bunklin George I got so many bills from the plug
I got a suite apartment in the part mit under the rug
And every drank in my frigerator filled up with mud


I don't know bout nobody else but I don't servin
And as long as these bads come in I'm gonna circle
Niggas say they ain't getting money but I don't work it
I'm runnin with so much dough that I'm nervous
If the police tryina pull up on me I'm gonna swerve em
You ain't never seen so many guns on one person
Dump truck 2 trucks came on one person
You need to switch up the shit you doin just ain't working


They got me feeling like me no couple mill in the safe
But when snitched at the end it was a slap in the face
I need a bitch like Keyshia shout your mill of the day
And Puggy smoke what the fuck G minor put some trust in the J
13 thousand dollars' worth of narcotics wrapped in some tape
I spent 130 thousand dollars just on my drapes
I got a coke model supermodel feedin me grapes
And you can keep the money nigga cause your payment too late
And you ain't coming with me nigga you tryina run in the way
You're just a spy telling lies tryina look at our play
You call me country to my face I hit your ass with this K
Tomahawk chop your head off home of the brave


I don't know bout nobody else but I don't servin
And as long as these bads come in I'm gonna circle
Niggas say they ain't getting money but I don't work it
I'm runnin with so much dough that I'm nervous
If the police tryina pull up on me I'm gonna swerve em
You ain't never seen so many guns on one person
Dump truck 2 trucks came on one person
You need to switch up the shit you doin lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Young Scooter Yung Fresh)



It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
It's a whole bunch a whole bunch of shooters in this house
It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
If you wanna go to war fuck it nigga let's shoot it out

Walk up from my spot see I don't have a seat
I just been in 5 shoot outs last week
He bought the run division plus he moving in the kitchen
Nobody make a move nigga when Scooter handling bizness
Reaching in his pocket Gucci slap him with the pistol

Get your bitch ass down nigga motherfucking move nigga
Hood rich!

Break up to your sister I'm a sunder in the runner
I don't give a damn about it but I make niggas with the tunner
I got money in the jungle tryina buy my kids Christmas
Me and Scooter ain't twins but we got twin choppers
I Waka Flocka Flame a nigga hit em with the yapa
I'm a street nigga never be a partner to a copper

What the fuck going on nigga?
Who the fuck let these police ass nigga in?
I don't know
Fuck at the spot nigga

Snitching ass niggas got caught with a brick
Same day call my phone 4: 36
I can see with one eye open like Slick Rick
Fuck the police that's why I rep about them bricks

I ain't did it nigga but these bricks get remix
When the choppa start spitting nigga gonn get split
Nigga rob me in the car while it was 1996
Ever since the day them niggas trying me since

God damn bruh
Tell my nigga Rob here in '96
No you get out boy
You did
You still gotta pay...

Nigga owed me a brick that was 3 years ago
Seen him in the club niggas shot him in the throat
Black amigo Scooter still rob me gold
And I still got a lot of shooters on the pay roll

Hold up Scooter
I got shooters
You got a shooters?
Aye man what?
Get it down by that fresh man you're sitting by the counter?
I need 'em bruh
Yea let 'em in
Aye open the door nigga

I need 50 of them pretty mills this nigga at the store
He waiting right now Gucci is it a go?
I hope it is cause if it is my shooters they on go
Shooter on the Scooter brain them both
He runnin right right now she just came from way up the road
10 millimeter with 30 shots make your fuckin head explode

I got a traphouse mansion with some hard wood floors
Can't come in I got burglar bar doors
Trap going crazy but I got it under control
I just bust them open fix em up and move them out the door
Who this nigga in this Buick man get Scooter on the phone
I'm like a NBA coach cause I keep shooters at my home
All I know I never seen his face in my life
Street smart so I know this nigga ain't right
Pull up at my spot country car hit your lights
Before you hit the door you get robbed on sight

It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
It's a whole bunch a whole bunch of shooters in this house
It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
If you wanna go to war fuck it nigga let's shoot it out

It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
It's a whole bunch a whole bunch of shooters in this house
It's some shooters in this house it's some shooters in this house
If you wanna go to war fuck it lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Young Scooter Trae The Truth)




Call me Gucci Mane when I'm on the stage with you
They call me Jessie James when I hold this damn pistol
You can call me Gucci Goo out when I do the song with you
But don't walk up on me hoes after the blow don't scroll with ya
Call me Gucci Mane when I'm on the stage with you
They call me Jessie James when I hold this damn pistol
You can call me Gucci Goo out when I do the song with you
But don't walk up on me hoes after the blow don't scroll with ya
Got them young shooters with me they don't get along with you
If you ain't get no money nigga what it is wrong with you?
And I can't tell your own niggas have the wrong picture
I take the real sippin lean with this very long swisha
I'll drink my milkers and the codeine even this apple juice mixture
If you knew that you would do that I swear you would not kiss
You's a naked boy that's nigga tryin to tell em got fish
If a snitch was without the day I bet this hood would not miss


You's a dead man playing games with that bread
You's a dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man you're playing games with my bread
You hear the red man fuck around and be a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man dead man


Five news 4 tray 6 A
8 watches 4 chains 6 rings
Pot Forbes don't add a high coast
From coast to coast I said numbers on the dope
Remix it yo you know I can sell you both 16 fine
Prices loaded shawty load when I drive
Got my seat leanin low bricks inside
Got em stashed in the door always road running
Me and Gucci getting money fast keep it coming
Track the trailer in the morning won't stop jigging
Every month I make 4 hundred I'm a street nigga
I got rich up for Jacky


You's a dead man playing games with that bread
You's a dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man you're playing games with my bread
You hear the red man fuck around and be a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man dead man


What the fuck is you thinking?
Dumb bitch you must have been drinking
This top had got me feeling like holy
If I let you ride you bound to be stinking
I'm an asshole I do what I like to
Oh shit this made for you to fight too
I don't give a fuck bitch I don't like you
Got that fire bitch I might light you
Bitch I am the streets you just look tough
Call my bricks is low like I was on bluff
Call me the master like soon up
Bad boy for real no puff
If a nigga pussy I don't pimp mine
Just keep the distance don't play with mine
Stay in your place fall out of line
Had them young niggas on me you're here to be fine
You can find me in the hood where a hood don't go
Bitch just somebody that the hood don't know
If a nigga turned up tell him watch these shows
Money never since then so I meant don't blow
King of streets just call me sire
On my throne ain't no one higher
TR UT ace no liar
Real street nigga I won't retire.


You's a dead man playing games with that bread
You's a dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man you're playing games with my bread
You hear the red man fuck around and be a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man dead man you's a dead man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man
Dead man I put that pistol to your head man lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










You know? Back in '03-'04 we were shittin on niggas
Fast forward to 2012
And we still shittin on niggas
Shittin on all you hoes tonight my bitch she need some baby wipes
Shittin on all you hoes tonight my bitch she need some baby wipes
Some baby wipes
Shittin on all you producers man said he need some baby wipes
It's Gucci
I need some baby wipes
Damn


Versace bags and classy shoes and belts that's what my lady like
Shittin on all these hoes out front extra hop that Mercedes right
My bitch ball hard but you broke hoes ain't got nowhere to stay tonight
I'm windin the Lambo on ultra-sick oh bitch that's 85
I'm cooking dope I'm selling kush I feel like it's the 80's life
I told that yellow baldy chick to get here right to say it twice
I got them stupid benz I told the dealer man don't say no price
She married a freak they throwin rice I pay that man to throw the fight


Versace bags and classy belts and shoes that's what my lady like
Shittin on all you hoes tonight I think she need some baby wipes
Stupid money shorty ball so hard I just might pay tonight
We breaking baby bottles in the club but we ain't' babies right
My girlfriend ball so hard swear to God she need some baby wipes
They coming here to play no games with ya'll I came to ball tonight
Them brick squad niggas done for flexin hard I got on all my ice
I tip bad bitches in my section ya'll they need some baby wipes


You the lean type tryina find em
I'm in the phantom ghost you and your baby momma hind it
Put them hands on the nigga behind a full time grinder need a bad bitch
But it ass like a grip overseas flights yea pay for trips
Out in Vegas and I just roll trips that's double every time I flip
Red bottles with the burkin bag
Fake titties with the fake old ass
Watch a squad nigga ball throw cash
4-50 ain't Gucci just passed
Real niggas with this bad bitches like
Ace of Spade got me leanin to the right
Me and Gucci throw money all night
Met her in the club fucked her in the same night
She be ballin don't do BBG Versace show her ass
In the club she got her own section body just to break
She'll be throwin on her cats got that D girl swag
MCM upon her bag fire nigga no jetlag


Versace bags and classy belts and shoes that's what my lady like
Shittin on all you hoes tonight I think she need some baby wipes
Stupid money shorty ball so hard I just might pay tonight
We breaking baby bottles in the club but we ain't' babies right
My girlfriend ball so hard lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Bricksquad bachelors cookers we get extras
Say that that's your bitch but nigga we did ask ya
Spent 10 Million dollars of VVS's
Woke up in Texas he text me I start flexing
Diamonds chains sexy my pistol is my best friend
I haven't killed in so many years I get rusty
Hustling my 40 keep buldging in on the justice
These scary niggas calling the cops but I ain't touched them
Finessed em tricked them leopards that's on Simpson
Impress them a victim another lead hit successful
My weapon F it Join em you wanna help em
And since you said you looking for Gucci I'm on Gresham


Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust him he'll take some he'll take some we'll take some
Don't trust us I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some


Worth for couple mill still I take some
24 hours got the base running
Sale swag bags I got freights coming
Sale you swag pack take it back from you
Them diamonds round your wrist cause you a lot of problems
You scared you tuck ya ice cause you don't want no problems
These young niggas out here hungry they say it's no more starving
Finessing jewelry season everybody robbing
Don't trust me cause I'm from the streets
Going drug shoppin cop a couple of keys
I finesse the plug when we don't agree
Dummy bank rolls send em over seas


Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust him he'll take some he'll take some we'll take some
Don't trust us I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some


Ya'll niggas know how I move y'all niggas know what it do
Versace frames on my face I'm a 4 eyeded fool
If I should blue with your boo pay mine to do on my coupe
A quarter brick for the booze at least a 4 and a deuce
You know I shoot through my jacket you call the troops for your truce
Full metal jacket a savage I put 3 mill on your crew
The world grenade in the room watch all your partners kaboom
I'm a so icy tycoon got 2 balloons in my True's
Is you gon hoe up or blow up? Is you gonn grow up or throw up
Cause I got dojos to roll up and I might pour us a 4
I can't drive a Corolla roll around in a roller
That's a drop in Rolls Royce y'all niggas act like you know us


Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust me I'll take some I'll take some I'll take some
Don't trust him he'll take some he'll take some we'll take some
Don't trust us I'll take some I'll take some lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I sold so many jays been locked on so many times
I had to grind to shine I fire up bout mine
I did a homicide I'm ready to die bout mine
Committed genocide I testified bout mine
I live a life of crime I served me some time
Bitch I got 6 for 5 cool with 2 pass at a time
You better recognize I put my neck on the line
You told me several times you better respect my mind
And all we mixing pies I got a take out of 9
And all we fixing pies I'm serving 3 at a time
I hit the lick to shine I left my boy in the blind
That's how it is sometimes I keep my hand on the 9
It's Gucci


You gotta move your feet know how the game go
I'm stepping on toes I'm stepping on toes
Man I'm stepping on toes
I'm shittin on on all the fools I got that 4-4
I'm in that super sport
Hood Fredo oh
A sucka bout all this jewelry
A sucka bout all that's Louie
The suckaz got the ride new Bentley
Finessing got my wrist so bluey


I'm a bachelor I'm available got bills and them mailable
I'm alleable condo with a great view of the sailor boats
Coke clean as a baby as nigga Thomas to get it here
Shout out to my cartel bitch fix me a cocktail
My block do cartwheels got keys like a locksmith
I met a bitch so bad I gave her keys to a mach 6
Versace my glasses I skip out of my classes
My top in the trash I left my top with my last bitch
Moved on to another home trade a rent for a yellow bone
For diamond chest they throw my neck it look like a hamming bone
It's Gucci and Shawty thank the lord that we beat the case
Them haters can holler cause I think I need a hearing aid


You gotta move your feet know how the game go
I'm stepping on toes I'm stepping on toes
Man I'm stepping on toes
I'm shittin on on all the fools lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Aye Scream time to turn up my nigga
I'm on my hood rich shit right now
I'm on my Brick Squad shit right now man
I'm on my trap God shit man trap God man
It time to turn up it time to go crazy out here man
You know what I'm talkin bout?


Slow down Gucci steel bomb Gucci
Remember when I used to drive an old ass hooptie 
Gas packed shawty dirty cup shawty
And why they call it Mountain Park
It ain't no God damn mountain
I would run to sun valley with a damn thing sign
And I can't lie I try to serve every God damn junkie
Smoking gas and drinking mud but you can keep your Budweiser
She's a blunt begging bitch so I don't wanna stand by em
If you pull ounces up then I don't wanna drink with ya
If you ain't get money I don't wanna link with ya
I bring the pot to the water I could kitchen sink with ya
I had to kick you out the squad you was the weakest link nigga


Gas gas you know I got the cash
93 octane 4 thousand for a bag
Gas gas send it really fast
The pack just came in you know this shit the gas
Mud mud gotta keep it mud
800 a pint nigga I can't show you love
Mud mud you know I'm drinking mud
I might pour the whole pint 'cause I don't give a fuck


All this mud drinkin Bud stinkin walkin round the club nigga
I'm a drug dealer real killer mean mugging fuck nigga
I hope you looking for me nigga I'm the one that shot your truck nigga
And if you really wanna go to war then I don't give a fuck nigga
Got em Bentley with the paper tag book bag full of gas
Pockets can't hold on all the cash I can loan your man some swag
And I pull that pistol fast PRPs hang off my ass
You said your money buy the jet but bitch I could go buy your jet
Remember 1996 since the year that I will rob my connect
I wasn't even 20 yet I-20 with 20 bricks
I nun did all kind of shit ya'll nigga just full of shit
I just drunk two pints today Tryna drink the pain away


Gas gas you know I got the cash
93 octane 4 thousand for a bag
Gas gas send it really fast
The pack just came in you know this shit the gas
Mud mud gotta keep it mud
800 a pint nigga I can't show you love
Mud mud you know I'm drinking mud
I might pour the whole pint 'cause I don't give a fuck


Dumb drankin it dirty woke up really late
I used to drank up early I like the way it taste
Drinkin all these activist I love to drank the grace
They catch you with this pints my nigga you might catch a case
Flossin tossen up proceed with caution
I'm the boss and I ain't takin no loses
Smoking gas and I'm sippin on poison
Pulled the arm and I'm a hit my target
Caught a body but I beat my charges
Two Ferrari I got twin horses
New charger and I sat it on forges
G 5 touchdown on Morland
Poppin pills like I hear voices
Me and scooter just brought twin Porsches
Louie Vuittons but I wear em like forces
Burberry my box is shortless
Louie V this where my shorts is
Sun valley that's where my heart is
26s so I'm sittin real high ride in the sky same place my lord is


Gas gas you know I got the cash
93 octane 4 thousand for a bag
Gas gas send it really fast
The pack just came in you know this shit the gas
Mud mud gotta keep it mud
800 a pint nigga I can't show you love
Mud mud you know I'm drinking mud lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics





(feat. Kirko Bangz Waka Flocka Flame Young Scooter)




No relationship
No exchange of phone numbers
No Valentine's Day no Christmas no dates
Just straight up fuckin you feel me?


I just had a threesome could've been a threesome
But now that she want so I gave er yes 5 hunder
Skitted on er bum bum fucked er with a condom
East Atlanta known for draggin bitches where I come from
Babies say I'm handsome 2 hoe that's a tantum
Booze your bitch she only suck dick when she in a mansion
Yea my diamonds dancing my dick taste just like candy
I'm cooking dope and Burberry because I'm kinda fancy
I'm scrape with a as she wanna fuckin she can hell it
I don't take no chances like to get some understanding
She talkin shit she got my dick standing heard that a 10
She's a boring freaky girl sucking dick in Gucci's Bentley


I just wanna know something she just wanna smoke something
I just wanna pull something I just had a foursome
You can go to dinner with him I just wanna fuck something
You get me his girlfriend baby I just wanna cut something
Gucci wanna fuck something Flocka wanna cut something
This lady is my partner Kirko and he wanna fuck something
Do you wanna fuck something? Cause I wanna fuck something
Don't need to introduce yourself just follow these instructions


Ride through the hood hoes scream my name
When it comes to hoes I'm the fucking mane
Nigga represent that east side
LMG that's gang gang
Turned up nigga like a fluckin slower
Like the bowling bitch her brother powder
She fall in love with my Oscar Mayer
Pockets full of that colored flower
My nigga Waka got a bitch I'm proud of
We all hittin that's a piata
I never done but I'm the done dotta
Master Pete make em say uh
Bitch eatin up my cum
Probably fuck around with her mom
I'm the answer she give me some
I deed it up lactation
I left the green baby learn
I fucked em all I ain't naming none
She fucked my team for front row seats
You tryina fuck so you pussy eat
I don't smoke a lot but if I smoke a sweet
You pussy niggas can't smoke on me
Ace and bitch her pussy tight
And all I speak is get on knees


I just wanna know something she just wanna smoke something
I just wanna pull something I just had a foursome
You can go to dinner with him I just wanna fuck something
You get me his girlfriend baby I just wanna cut something
Gucci wanna fuck something Flocka wanna cut something
This lady is my partner Kirko and he wanna fuck something
Do you wanna fuck something? Cause I wanna fuck something
Don't need to introduce yourself just follow these instructions


She just wanna smoke one
She just wanna drink a pint
Waka can't stand straight girls
All he wanna fuck his dyke
She ride me like a mountain bike
Can I fuck your friend tonight?
Jack that pussy like a mic
I just wanna fuck something
Baby why don't you suck something?
Fucked her in her boyfriend car
Nutted on the backseat
Back shots that's true
I just wanna fuck
Don't wanna know your name
4 hoes at one time on more mollies than Lousane
Free bandz make er dance
Got a pistol in my pants
One night stand bitch I can't hold your hand
Bitch actin like a groupie
You know I can trust no fan
In less than 60 seconds I done talked her out a pan


I just wanna know something she just wanna smoke something
I just wanna pull something I just had a foursome
You can go to dinner with him I just wanna fuck something
You get me his girlfriend baby I just wanna cut something
Gucci wanna fuck something Flocka wanna cut something
This lady is my partner Kirko and he wanna fuck something
Do you wanna fuck something? Cause I wanna fuck something
Don't need to introduce yourself lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I fuck with that
I fuck with that
I fuck with that
I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that


You know I fuck with her you know she fuck with me
You know she stunt with me
It's the Gucci Mane she gotta be
A dime peace look in my time peace
A big bag of kush and she will rhyme B
I'm on that slick talking shit like the eyes lease
You got to spit four hundred thousand to run behind me
You got the paper ticket just to sit beside me
I'm on the grind I ain't even gotta go outside for you see me shine
Real niggas wanna give me five cutie pie wanna come and say hi
Playin haters wanna see me die
But they can't stop me nigga I'm alive
45 shoot 14 times
In case you done take lies
And you make girl go by line
And I swear I ain't never seen the bitch so fine


She got her own cash I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
She got a full swag I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
Turned her to the max I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
She only fuck with street niggas I fuck with that
I fuck with that you know I fuck with that


The bitch I'm with she so fly she need a fucking flight attendant
If I said that shit I need that shit
Ten million dollars cash I done spend that shit
If you love that chick don't send that bitch
Don't land that bitch I hit that bitch
Break that bitch I've been that bitch
Don't follow my rules I'm in this shit
Sipping on Bombay what would your mom say?
Let's not pretend 'cause I'm not your fianc
Never on Sunday fucking on Monday
Girl you ain't heard I've been low with that money
Keep it a hundred keeping you running
Tell your ass why were you really disturbing
Cuffin no woman keeping it from coming
Keep it I'm coming. I'm brutally honest
All in the add all in the lab
Pulling the trigger she's scratching my back
Leaning in forward she scratching my back
Back with commitment but greater the sack
Gave her a stack baby relax
Way that she second is paying me back
Niggas on hustle I'm fuckin with that
Roses are red Ferari's are black


She got her own cash I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
She got a full swag I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
Turned her to the max I fuck with that
I fuck with that I fuck with that
She only fuck with street niggas I fuck with that
I fuck with that you know I fuck with that


It's Gucci
What's happening?
Scoo up
I I fuck with that
She fuck with me I fuck with her
Wow
And that's how it's going
You know what I'm sayin?
We like Siamese twins
You know what I mean?
You gotta keep that money with me
Shout at somebody girl
Everywhere I go lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray to Lord fake niggas he keep
But if I shut down before I wake
I pray to Lord real niggas he take


I told my top to get lost
Cuz I dont really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Im in that new Rolls Royce
If you dont like it get lost


Me and my top beefin
So I dont really wanna see him
They picture man the flare nigga
And all the kids wanna be him
I told that girl to get lost
Cuz I dont even like to argue
All this money that Im makin
They think Im playing for the Chargers
My jury game is retarded
My car game is exotic
The inside my Maserati
Cuz look like he in the hypnotic
Im runnin from the paparazzi
But Im in the Lamborghini
They call me Gucci Debiassi
I think Im fucking Liberace


I told my top to get lost
Cuz I dont really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Im in that new Rolls Royce
If you dont like it get lost


Smoking kush with my boys
Im a walking weed joyce
They say I fuck on my alarms
I say it back its my choice
Selling dope with my squad
Old schools in my yard
I got a Chevy so clean
And my goodness so hot
They say its getting real hot
So I took off of my top
I got the number one spot
Im coming down my block


I told my top to get lost
Cuz I dont really like ceilings
I told a bitch to get lost
I think I hurt the girl feelings
So I hit the gas and get lost
I hit the thrust and get lost
Im in that new Rolls Royce
If you dont like it get lost


Dragging from the old school in my new school
Top missing nigga with my new tool
Same ways with my new juice
Getting money on these young fools
You pay for perfect when youre big time
You pay for perfect when your sun shine
Harley Davidson lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









80 chains going and ain't took one yet
Ain't nothing retarded 'bout Gucci but this gold Rolex
A ten thousand dollar bounty put on my neck
I hope you didn't pay them cause they didn't have no success
You seen my interview nigga and you got upset
I seen your interview too you looked oh so stressed
I think the nigga just mad cause I fucked his ex
And I'm a big dog he got the lil' boy complex
Go dig your partner up nigga bet he can't say shit
And if you looking for the kid I'll be in Zone 6
I hit a birthday party fresh you and ya homeboy Tip
I know y'all seen me over there with that black fo' fifth
I bought a Bentley Mulsanne it look just like Tip's
But I never went platinum do you catch my drift
I never let a nigga do me like Tip did Flip
This the same shit that got Big and 2Pac killed


For the record this is not a diss record
Just the truth
It's Gucci the living legend
Oh yea I'm a legend
Living legend nigga
Respect that


I ain't playing with ya I ain't trying to dance with ya
I ain't using hands let them rubberbands get ya
It take money to go to war and we can go to war nigga
I ain't no real rapper I'm a fucking grave digger
I'm a old school fool don't make me show my age nigga
Grab a Louisville and turn it to a batting cage nigga
I did a song with Keyshia Cole and I know you still miss her
But Puff was fucking her while you was falling in love with her
Call you to do a song wouldn't even smoke no bud with ya
I was screaming so icy and was a neighborhood nigga
This AR is my back up cause I don't need nan nigga
Must didn't hear when Flocka said 
Used to drive to Birmingham with a lot of grams nigga
I'm just who I am nigga but I ain't sparing nan nigga
I know it's hard for you to sleep knowing you killed your homeboy
You left his son to be a bastard lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








Yeah we 'hood rich bitch...
Chyeah I know what y'all motherfuckers thinkin'
Trap God 2...
Already...
But shit let me tell y'all niggas somethin'
If we don't put this real street music on the streets
Y'all niggas damn sure ain't gon' do it
So get on your two feet
And pledge allegiance to the motherfuckin' Trap God
Guwap lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Fish scale all over my motherfucking apartment
Damn I got dope all on garment
Cooking dope and trust tree move the trap to Sun Valley
Now I'm in Gresham housing money piling money piling
I'm so fresh don't need a stylist
Buy a rental car and tint the windows
Buy a car stop the mileage
Stuffing bricks all in a fender
Stuffing peas in the spare tire
Gucci ain't real you a damn liar
Save yo nigga a lot of fire
I'm a show you sucka niggas Wi Fi
Serve more chicken than Popeye's
Strong purp Popeye
One day I might die but not soon because I'm strapped fool
I got old schools I got new schools I got one rule - don't cross me
Red bottoms on my feet courtside next to Spike Lee
Baby I'm Spike Lee


All the purple all the white
All this grain taking a flight
Up all night nigga getting shot
Man getting popped Big Guwap
Drop my top suicide doors
Pouring up fours just bought me a Rolls
Money over hoes recycling your clothes
You niggas going broke I'm sure of my goals
Wop!


Little Mexico we cook up dope
If a nigga broke we sell him soap
I can see it in your eyes that you niggas going broke
'Cause you don't got no pres no mo'
Yo bitches gone yo money getting low
He used to buy bricks now he buyin' a fo'
Money over bitches can't wife no ho
Money over everything can't go broke
We blowing gas smoking on flights
Place your order I'll be there over night
I'm talking private planes
Hundred bricks of white
Still a young nigga lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









I talk so much shit I wake a dead man up
And I'm the milk man you better call rent man up
I'm by myself man and yes I ran my bread back up
You'll have better luck tryna' rob a Brick Bank truck
Eight ounces and a Crush soda
Last month I damn near smoked a Range Rover
I buy a pint crack the seal and put a straw in it
I'm drinking raw out the jar caviar sipping
I might need a new prescription
These young hoes fucking senior citizens
Dad your little sister granddaddy mistress sad
Secretary sucking politicians you mad
You know that Mr. cheating on his Mrs.
Remember when I could just take a bitch to Wendy's
But now these hoes say they wanna go to Sicily
But bitch you must be silly wanna go to Piccadilly
Cause I really feel you fake as hell like Milli Vanilli


These hoes must of these niggas go broke for these hoes
Big bad bully but he beat for these hoes
Married thirty years but he sleep with these hoes
Spending all this money going out to eat
M.O.B. man money over bitches
These niggas say they real but they just a bunch of bitches
Fuck the bedroom point me to the kitchen
Baby girl where you was when I was water wippin'
When I was water wippin' when I was water wippin'
Baby girl where you was when I was water wippin'
When I was water wippin' when I was water wippin'
Fuck the bedroom point me to the kitchen


Fuck the bedroom point me to the kitchen
So many chickens in my kitchen got my palms itching
You sucking a rich nigga dick you in a good position
You say your baby daddy broke? Bitch you really tripping
What's wrong with you what kind of life you living?
You wanna ball hit the mall or just eat Church's Chicken
Gucci be really pimping I need just thirty minutes
And if you cool baby we could fuck every Wednesday
But you must pay attention baby you got to listen
The first rule that you cannot have hoes in my business
You know I ball relentless pull up in Benz and Bentley's
And I don't wanna meet your daddy I ain't fucking friendly
I had three-hundred-fifty-thousand I was only twenty
Your baby daddy broke I bury his ass in fucking twenties
Yeah I'm a fat nigga lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










They ain't got nothin' on ya...
They ain't got nothin' on ya 
I swear them hoes they ain't got nothin' on ya
That nigga broke he ain't got nothin' for ya
I swear these hoes they ain't got nothin' on ya
I fuck with you cause you're very loyal
And you're so fine you make my blood boil
I have to go and get another lawyer
She took the charge they ain't got nothin' on her
I swear to God they ain't got nothin' on her
We in the airport she got somethin' on her
We ball out in the mall in California
We might just pull up in twin Californians


They ain't got nothin' on ya
They ain't got nothin' on ya
They ain't got nothin' on ya
Hoes ain't got nothin' on ya
I think that shit just paranoia
She think I'm with another woman
Another woman that gon' keep me comin'
Dirty hoes they ain't got nothin' on ya


It's nothin' - claimin' y'all but they bluffin'
Come home and I hit it hard and she give me head that's concussion
I'm stuntin' - OG kush what I'm puffin'
In the club you know me I'll spend it all
And my homies gon' get to bustin'
Got a quarter million to spend
Just came home from tour and I crushed it
Just bought my wife a pair of glass shoes
'Cause her ass thick as a pumpkin
They ain't got nothin' on her
She don't want no other niggas she fuckin' with a stoner
And if I'm up in this bitch then I'm probably with the owner
Hella bottles hella marijuana anything you want my niggas got it
We got liquor we got mollies
We got bitches tryin' to ride takin' pictures
We just standing on the couches they could try but...




I fuck with shorty 'cause she very loyal
We can tie the night like Memph and Toya
I won't ignore you and I won't divorce you
Let's have two girls to his column - Rose and Portia
I respect that girl I accept that girl
I'll do everything I can to protect that girl
If I could do it all again would've kept that girl
But I'm unhealthy for you baby I fuck up your world
You your daddy's little girl but you's a grown lady
And I don't see it like he see it 'cause we not related
We got faded at my spot I swear we so wasted
After the twelfth shot of Patron lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics








I think I had one too many blunts today
Too many bills now I'm jump today
I drank a pint of lean so I wasted mane
I got the gangsta air nigga you can taste it mine

I'm swerving I'm swerving
All of my niggas be serving
Pull up to the curb curb serving
Wutchu want?
Wutchu want nigga? We workin
I'm servin I'm servin
Come through with my Bentley I'm swerving
Hoes say I look better in person
Maybach I'm a close the fuckin curtains

What's happenin hah
It's Guwop the legend
Ha!
Shout out to zone 6
It's Big Gucci ah
Dollars hittin so hard
You see me
I know you hear me
That strong in
I know you smell me
Ya'll niggas are fuck niggas
I know you tellin
And I don't need ya cause I'm a felon

Touchdown in ya city where the pass at?
 you make a nigga laugh black
Need a pass for yo nigga you'll get blast at
You just a midgrade nigga like my last pack

I'm just a money making nigga you can call ask out
You waitin on me to fall you to wait on yo income tax check
I got so much money I left em all with every damn fifty
And for the Panthers raise your arm up then you make a ball fist
They move my nigga so far away cause they said he was high risk
His folks can't even come down to see him barely can pay they damn rent
And now he frustrated incarcerated got us all tested
And they before tried to give me 40 I'm a jump the damn face

I'm chargin 39 hundred 'fore I got them bags in
8-50 you know I got that swag in
I got that Mexican weed them bricks you know that trash shit
And all you gotta do is drive this shit to Athens
Brick Squad in this bitch we known for takin
I got a couple more of them squares they goin to Macon
I'm a stop by Savannah then Augusta
And I'm a multimillionaire but I'm from Custer

These niggas tryna hold me back
But a nigga can't never hold me back
Gucci Mane I'm a get up
And I'm a walk round and I'm a get me a stack
Walk around with these thigh pads
Damn my nigga that my bad
That you broke some damn fast
Have the same chance that I had
You feel bad but I'm not sad
You could talk trash but I moved on
Three homes ten phones
Tell me where did it go wrong
All the money that I have
A.k.a that's my stash
Nigga try to take my cash
Bet the nigga gon die fast
50 bands in the brand new pants
Take 5000 and I wipe my ass
Gucci Mane fear no man
I'm a tough guy like Conan
Mojo my right hand
And you nigga was our dope man
RIP to my dope man
I know he lookin down from Heaven

I'm chargin 39 hundred 'fore I got them bags in
8-50 you know I got that swag in
I got that Mexican weed them bricks you know that trash shit
And all you gotta do is drive this shit to Athens
Brick Squad in this bitch we known for takin
I got a couple more of them squares lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Gucci Mane the player millionaire but don't give no care
Tote my pistol anywhere go to war with a grizzly bear
Burn your house with your kids in there
Call the folks how? I have been in there
AK in my ceiling there - drop top V 12 cylinders...


Gucci Mane the player millionaire but don't give no care
Tote my pistol anywhere go to war with a grizzly bear
Burn your house with your kids in there
Call the folks how? I have been in there
AK in my ceiling there - drop top V 12 cylinders
Your girl never had Christian Louboutins so I bought her a pair
Really it's not an affair 'cause she fucked a millionaire
Mack 10 with a cooler fool
These fuck niggas with bullet wounds
Stitchin' hangin out my britches you can see this from a distance
I've got Bloods and Crips with 30 clips
Fresh ass nigga with a dirty pistol
I'm the same nigga that fucked your sister
You so broke can't buy no pistol
I'll buy your bitch I'll buy your life
Don't know when but your mom'll miss you
Every day I'm on driver nigga - never catch me in neutral
I ain't doin nothin' in reverse
Well lose you nigga now converse
See the concert of my convert
Got the right plan but the wrong purse
I've got yellow gold I've got rose gold
I've got pink diamonds like Starburst
I don't rehearse I don't plan first
That nigga strong hook I called the right person


Yellow bone butt naked
If the pussy wack eject it
Man all my hoes be actin' like detectives
But I don't give a fuck and if I did I would give it to you
That rainbow has two colors  rhythm and blues yeah...
I just hope for the time my time's only...
Say we runnin' out of time tell that to a time bomb yeah
Then she kiss me on my bullet wound
Who are you? 'Cause motherfucker I'm me
Fuckin' right - and if she say she catchin' that nut I throw a strike
I can't believe it's butter go get my butter knife
Shoot a nigga twice in case he live a double life
Lil Tunechi yeah...


Shorty pussy wet the dope drippin' wet
I live a double life I got a stupid dumb chick
I do the shit that rappers do without a rap check
I shit on hoes and pour up fours I got street respect
I'll hit you with that carver you won't live a double life
I hit you niggas last week so I got double strike
Foreign bad bitch and she fuckin' on sight
I go Hublots I got Rollies lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









They shot my homie for nothing killed my homie for nothing
I smoke blunts everyday to try to wish it didn't happen
But I can't bring him back cause I am only a mortal
People think I'm a God but to me I'm only normal
I used to trap on the corner trap  with the thermal
I had that TEC in the bushes run up on me I burn you
Folks they come to Atlanta just to ride through my zone
Wanna see where I trapped at they wanna see what's my home
In the place that I said everything that I meant
I got so many pounds in the apartment think I got dreads
I got money in the bed so I sleep with the bread
If you play with Bricksquad them might take off your head


I'm so high fuck nigga I'm so high
I'm so high baby girl I'm so high
She get high your baby girl she get fucked up
And he get high you know that nigga fuck his nose up
I'm so high fuck nigga I'm so high
I'm so high fuck nigga I'm so high
She so high but bitch with me so she good night
And you so broke you looking at us with all this ice


Bitch I bigger pay her or get bigger paid everyday is a bigger day
Bigger nigga get a bigger gun hit his ass in his bigger face
Bigger  and I fuck with him half the niggas he with her don't like
That young nigga 'bout trigger play and my section Lil Jay like nigga day
Reiterate I'm 'bout pistol play anything with my pistol say
Shoulder deep in this cocaine but nigga I can hold the weight
Appraise me I'm a mill' today
A mill and a mill made a mill today
Say you wanna do a show what's the rate?
Told a nigga fifty with a steel face
Smoking on kush and I'm drinking on grape's I feel just like I'm Pimp C
Say Gucci Mane you a murderer so you can't get a sponsor like Pepsi
Say Pepsi fuck you cause I fuck with the Coca-Cola anyway
On check day it's booming lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Brick Squad about to walk in here
So cold a nigga bitch say flip
Drinkin on lean like a ice-cold beer
Can't give you none give you what got you here
Diamonds so big they hurt my ear
Sip codeine bitch not Belvedere
Ballin like a nigga on his first day I
You chain so little that I hurt my eye
Your watch ain't real you a goddamn lie
Got some little bit of niggas I'm a big ol playa
I can take her to you vacash
Car collision first place
Over 10 years and they couldn't take it
Told I'm a hold their operation
I'm a man bustin what I stand for
Everything I stand for
And I'm a hound dog kinda fragile
Cause I drop down better pipe down
EA GA AK to the peach state
And a bitch can't call me cheap skate
I'm worth 20 mill on E-bay
Gucci Mane ain't ballin
Young bitch so what yo mouth say


Ain't no 1 on 1 nigga
He swing I hit you
I ain't no front for fun nigga
He ridin with you he die with you
I ain't thinkin of bitin my tongue nigga
Everybody know I don't fuck with you
And I ain't finna to go in no club nigga
And if you let me home with this lil nigga


Pistol in the party pistol in the party
They let me in the club I brought my pistol to the party
Pistol in the party pistol in the party
They let me in the club I brought my pistol to the party


Bet a million dollars at a month nigga
Quarter mill for a lunch nigga
Hundred dollars a blunt nigga
Check ay I had don't talk nigga
200 dollars a blunt nigga
This ain't what you want nigga
Got riffles like I'm huntin niggas
Hand choppas and punk niggas
Well chumps ain't keep runnin your mouth
If you went another mile then you gon be in my trunk nigga
Got a ill nigga just slum niggas
But all I do is just point fingers
Had the niggas fightin like Jerry Springer
Thin them fuckin hoes my trigga bang
I know pimp niggas but no gang bangers
Same plane different angle
With the tango we Gucci
So you like you want a gumbo
Got her waitin for ya and a funeral
And you add these numbers like candles
They grew up lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










I thank God I woke up today
Trap God 2 nigga! Rich...
Soundtrack for the motherfuckin' streets
Scream!


It's a motherfuckin' miracle
Yeah it's a motherfuckin' miracle
I make a half to a whole one
Yeah that's a motherfuckin' miracle
Broke nigga turned millionaire
Yeah it's a motherfuckin' miracle
Got 26s on my vehicles
And it's a motherfuckin' miracle


Now I ain't motherfuckin' lyrical
Got 50 bowls in my living room
My bedroom is the chicken room
I'm eatin' like it's Thanksgiving fool
And I do it like a nigga do
I wrap up but I pull the trigga too
Your best bet get a bigger crew
I'm playin' chess while you shootin' pool
Make your next move be your best move
Run up on Guwap I'm a let loose
What you mad for? Nigga I'm upset too
They say the yellow jewelry jeweller in the rest room
On the top a nigga'll hit you with a barstool
You the type of bitch'll make up wear a costume
You little boys better go and watch some cartoons
'Cause I'm my own man nigga I'm my own goon
And I swear I got a whip game incredible
God take my breath now if I'm scared of you
I'll turn your best friend to a fuckin' vegetable
But I'm a stop talkin' I ain't tryna lecture you
I'm the president nigga it's election year
EA dictator ain't no reelections here
Spectator nigga test that's ahead of you
Before I dap you up boy I'd rather wet you up




AK's ain't no pistols here
And we gon' wet you up here 
Now it's a motherfuckin' miracle 
How I put a hundred bands in one ear
I've got two-on-two hundred bands in my ear
Who this nigga here? Standin' mighty close to my rear
I'm just keepin' it real
I'll go shoot his ass and his ear damage my career
Hundred bands make me stand here
Diamonds come from...
Bitch I'm just playin' I appear diamonds crystal clear
Oh you got them bands? Okay dear we gon' milk you here
Might be broke I tattoo tears and no M&Ms
I'm a throwback boy and a blood I need them...
Guwap set up shop anywhere anytime hoe
Thug'll come with glocks anywhere any kind hoe
Green bells white bells oh that smell yeah that smell
Very rare we everywhere you'd never dare you in a wheelchair
I'll take that bitch slut that bitch fuck that bitch suck that bitch
Send that bitch back to you dead broke she like money man
Suck you like a tidnit... give her your paper
Just to bring it back to me
She like when I shine like a glacier
My pinky rings are equator
My cups is no maper I meant maple
Apple juice purple baby bottles Gerbel
I man Gerber kill shit murder sipper
Slurper it's a motherfuckin' miracle lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










Woop woop
Goddamn that's a squad car
Woop woop
Goddamn that's a squad car
Woop woop
Goddamn that's a squad car
Woop woop
But all my niggas we got Bonfill


Bail money bail money
Yea bitch I got bail money
Smellin' like the jail and I know I look Hell honey
You say that that's your friend
It's just another nigga that gon' tell on you
I'm a street nigga and my girl ain't street
But I talk so slick she fell for me
Locked up since last Sunday
Someone please got the bail bondsman
Strapped up like Charles Branson
These four niggas ain't gon' do nothing
Lock Pope Game they be bluffin'
Softer than a blueberry muffin
Shoot first but I ain't askin questions
Selling drugs is my profession
Selling dope by the Best Western
Strapped up with my Smith & Wesson
To the bridge it's Cameron Texas
Drive it in or UPS it
T bricks and I'm driving reckless
All the dope that I get I stretch it
Going overboard I met my match
Severing hands to send a message




Just got jammed up on some bullshit
Court day it ain't til the 26th
On the phone right now with the button car
Got my old lady stressed 'cause I pitch a fix
Ready go ready go ready go right now
Got a check on me bitch come get me now
Got a warrant on my ass come get me Feds
If I'm full flyin off they gon hide my ass
Can't sit down now I got too much goin'
I got three trap houses I got five hoes hoeing
Plus nigga walked and he wrecked the game
Came for the cash he can fuck the fame
Sit back just chillin sippin dirty shit
Tryna keep OG from murkin shit
Tryna keep Electrode from takin shit
Young Scooter gotta rush that rapist shit


Woop woop
Turn off it's a road
Woop woop
Hit the gas nigga don't stop
Woop woop
If they get close nigga you better pop
You can't go to jail we got 20 blocks




I get lots of dope I fuck lots of hoes
Ten thousand a show is spend no get we on the go
My son just afloat I just pull the 4
Louie to the floor start sittin on 24's
Young mob in my city brig squad cause I'm chip
If we beat them then I leave the house well that's advance
All my niggas trained to kill like Steven Seagal
Grab niggas like Duvall my niggas will shoot ya'll
40k off in this levi's
Money standing knee high
Been trappin since I was nee I poured my drink and I...
1.5 in my stairs lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









It's Guwop

Turn up
Catch up
Go ice cream Gucci Mane with the diamond grin
Ice cream Gucci Mane with the diamond grin


Bitches say my diamonds be retarded 
My lip I worth for million category
You in the VIP but unimportant
You say you want a bottle but can't afford it
Growing up I ain't have a lot of choices
My mama dropped me off on Morley
She's a vulture it was better man it was torture
If you married to a broke bitch my nigga divorce
You don't want these five hunnids
Then it ain't and I can tell ya
If your baby daddy broke then your child is a failure
Last bet the 99 now I got some shit to sell ya
That's for 2009 good I got something to mail
I'm smoking gangsta kush I'm on the toilet
They pulled us over but your girlfriend took the charges
Your boyfriend broke can't even buy a pair of Jordans
I'm ballin so hard I might buy a pair of Porsches


I'm a rich muthafucka
And she a thick muthafucka
Zone 6 muthafucka
And we some rich muthafuckas


Man I laughin' to the bank again
Smoking dank no limit it's the tank again
Ice cream Gucci Mane with the diamond grin
And if you really love me baby let me fuck your friend
I'm so turnt up that she tuned in
My penthouse so big she wanna move in
And my rims so big man it can't fit
15 chains all call me Slick Rick
Thick bitch hill squarin like a red nose
And before you got squarin like a blue pick
I got my main hoe buyin more extendos
And shootin all my ole foes where's my ol Ghost?
4-4 lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics










I smoke weed for breakfast I drink lean for breakfast
I take mollies I take Xanax I can't eat no breakfast
Half a pound for breakfast two grams of molly breakfast
A pint of lean for breakfast and I'm cookin' dope for breakfast
I smoke weed for breakfast I drink lean for breakfast
I take mollies I take Xanax I can't eat no breakfast
Half a pound for breakfast two grams of molly breakfast
A pint of lean for breakfast I got collard greens for breakfast


Bitin' on my lip for breakfast can't serve that trick unless...
We on two different levels Flock said he just came from Belgium
My trap house right off Gresham I'm so goddamn successful
She ate my dick for dinner then she ate my lips for breakfast
Got a big booty bitch with some nice size titties
Baby so fine gotta let her ride with me
She the type of bitch gets an F550
You the type of bitch can't get one penny
Smoke 75 blunts in one minute
I ain't finna eat no Denny's or Wendy's
I sure ain't broke and I sure ain't friendly
I don't flash shows if the show got plenty
If the show a smorgasbord then I won't get skinny
Pour the lean so dark that it look like Henny
It's breakfast time and y'all niggas come get it
If you wanna go to war pussy nigga I'm with it
I peeped it you piece of shit
Try to creep on nigga I seen it
Put a beam on a nigga for treason
I'll kill a fuck nigga no reason




Pocket full of mollies blow them pounds out the window
Diamond Cuban gold link chain cost a kilo
Get it fronted by amigo plus I got a hit single
Motherfuck these niggas what the Hell they sayin'?
Crossed over still stay 'hood
Steel top on my Phantom hood
Can't cook dope but a nigga shoot good
Got your baby mama walkin' on my hardwood
Orange juice and five Backwoods for breakfast
80 000 dollars on a young nigga necklace
Can't hit the club if them hoes ain't naked
Waka Flocka Flame is so damn reckless
Niggas puttin' bands on they head just wreck it
Pocket full of hundreds don't do no debit
Only smoke gas you smoke unleaded
Brick Squad hittin' lanes found the exit
Smoke another pound my nigga
Where the fuck you from? Throw your 'hood up nigga
Diamonds in my mouth can't do golds my nigga
Shorty be boozed kicked back on the leather
Keep it real chase cheddar
She'll fuck for some red-bottoms and a Givenchy sweater
That hoe ain't shit  type of bitch that set me up
PeeWee in the cut with a scrap and a double cup
She ain't see him...




In the morning I'm still geekin' lickin' Miley Cyrus for breakfast
Three bad bitches from the Playboy Mansion
I'm PeeWee Longway Hefner
Got pink double-sealed in my refrigerator I pour mud up for breakfast
Got a place said he want a load of collard greens
Meet me on Metropolitan at the Burger King
Went out for breakfast nigga me and Waka and Gucci
Just finessed it up $4 000 gas pass in a Bentley truck
We eat rats that's how we get full
If you a rat we got the semi-auto full boy
Took your ice in that shit I ain't Bird
Catch a tail from the light I'll come and make this year
2013 I tip tryna calm my whip
Rappers talkin' 'bout the table countin' up my chips
Sippin' on mud drinkin' out the mug
With a nigga misses boy I know he pissed
Lean got me trippin' is it workin'? Shit...
One day I ain't gon' hurt you bitch
Y'all know the rest it's my breakfast bitch
Trust me not punk fuck you shit
Molly on me bitch the lean on me lyrics

Gucci Mane Lyrics









Shouts out to zone 6
East Atlanta stand up
Shouts out to the homey Coach-K


I'm in the ATL and I'm high as hell with no AC
Drop more grain than AC append 1-50 on my AP
I'm a asshole kinda arrogant
An Aquarius no Aries
Got a 1000 pieces of asparagus
And it's just touched from AZ
You fuck niggas don't know me
Be accurate when you compare me
Got a AR & a AK & I'll turn yo' ass to swiss cheese
Move smooth like a OG give it to 'em when I go from A to B
Watching out for APD
Cause this night we hot on goddamn weed
Flashback quantum leap
2003 and I'm in my V
Gold pat 99 put these things on my Caprice
Fast forward prison time
Coming down the strip in a Bentley
My pistol's my assistant
I'll shoot yo' ass from a distance


Greasy greasy
Don't bring no knife to no good fight because that greasy
Don't buy no dope in East Atlanta cause that greasy
These niggas thirsty for that check I swear they greasy
Young niggas greasy OGs they greasy
West side east side north side south side I swear they greasy
These niggas greasy these bitches greasy
Young niggas thirsty for the check I swear they greasy


Gucci Mane bought so much jury
That the niggas stand in and still feel worried
Better walk the yellow brick road
As to us it can get some curve
Buy a brick and it don't do shit
Don't quit nigga don't get discouraged
Real speak he keep talkin' shit
All of the niggas in yo clique get tortured
I'm a millionaire but I bought a V
Smoked it all with my bottom bitch
Chincos on my top grill 10 golds on no bottom bitch
Actin' like you bullshit
Where's your Hillary Rodem bitch?
With them ol' last red bottoms
She bitch a kiss I didn't acknowledge
Think I need me a college chick
Get brain with that knowledge shit
Put her up on money
Switch out the bitch closet quick
Charge her with a body kit
Cat suit her body bitch
Got free bricks