 lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Niggas be hatin
'Cause BG got it
Every top of the line car they got
Look I ride it
From the Hummer to the Rover
To the drop jag
B and C lex truck 
Nothin' my click ain't had
Everybody head was fucked 
When they heard bout the deal
Cash Money hotboys climbed for 30-mill
Already was straight now we livin larger
Already was ballin now we ballin harder
?? bitches can't take me 
Cause my wrist stay flossed out
Niggas hate me cause all day i'm flossed out
Ghetto made me 
My dog Baby saved me
Niggas find out they hoe got fucked ??
That's how it go
It ain't my fault I got mega cheese 
Walk that walk 
Talk that talk i'm BG
Paperchaser to the fullest get my grind on
Gotta do it cause I made that song Get Yo' Shine On


Me and my click be sizzlin hot steamin
Bouncin' through diamonds high beamin'


Wha
I'ma flosser baby baller baby 
A fifteen year old shot caller baby
And I'm racin through 
In the all black chrome 
A Mercedes Coupe
Got yo' wife at my house 
And she naked too
And all my niggas all around 
Sayin 'Shake it Boo go ahead to what you do'
It's Weezy dog and off the heezy dog
And I'm surrounded by the ice
It got me freezin' dog 
And it's plain and simple 
Won't change 'cause it's natural 
Lil' Wayne a pimp y'all
Got the game from Beatris
I'm tryin to see six numbers
Pull up at the Grammy awards in six Hummers 
Leave the Grammy awards with six womens
And make a stop at the gas station for six rubbers
Put it together
This is the life when you get full of the cheddar 
Don't try to end it or you would'nt get better what




La la la la
Here I come star rapper
I get the fast money
Short cute hot boy that rapper Cash Money
Standin out the roof of my car 
And flash hundreds
Take your girl to the mall
Spend a G like that's nothin
She lay on the floor 
Open up the spot 
Take off her draws
Let me see the cunt
Don't stop Lil' Weezy
We's ain't nothin nice 
But gats in my Jesus Christ 
Nothin but ice 
When they see me at night 
Behind ?? I stay high
Snatch yo' wife 
Run up in her with the K-Y
But it's on man
Ever since I was born Wayne
Nigga get out of line 
I get dirty like John Wayne
I'm bout stuntin' lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









where my niggaz at it's play it raw time baby
load up the guns guerilla war time baby
light up the blunts light up the block time dawg
choppers with drums ozzee's and glock time dawg
whoever he with they better stay cause they to nice
and whoever and hit jump out the window and get it right
then we run in his house and hit the body and haul them out
then we empty the clip and let the Lord sort em out
bust it really it ain't no stopping me cause i hang up to that ville
and now i'm tieing on my bandanna and i'm cocking back
jump out the Hummer and say lil shorty wear your stocking cap
dawg we got automatics two shooters six shots and 50 round drums
hit your daddy you suki you son your wife and move your momma
cause i'm off the wall off the hook off the chain
got a sawd oil tec and i'm bout to knock off your brain
tell em'


Come on nigga Come on time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On Nigga Come On Wodie!
Come on nigga Come on time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On Nigga Come On Wodie!


If drama come to me then it come
for that i got two glocks and a k with a drum
that's what i ride with not what i got got ducked off
the mac sweeper the six shot pump that sawd off
i got the tillery when beef kick
i got soldiers ready to march when that beef start
i got niggaz be in that zone on that herion
i got niggaz ready to kill when shit get real
i got niggaz that play all out akirts of the field
so get caught up in that place and your brain get spilled
oh it's a game but it's a game of life or death
you lose and can't continue if you get dome checked
you get blues it's all what duck gonna be next
come in that water and get wet
think you can fuck with me you thoughts will get upset
i don't shot to hit i shot to kill
believe me i don't shoot for fun when i shoot it's for real
Come on nigga!


Come on nigga Come on time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On Nigga Come On Wodie!
Come on nigga Come on time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On Nigga Come On Wodie!


Give me the guns i'm ready to bust one nigga
my nuts hung nigga since i was young nigga
i get dumb nigga with the M-1 nigga
i sip some nigga and i flip some nigga
A uptown stunter what the hell you think
ready for war BUT I AIN"T NO CAPTAIN OF NO GOT DAMN TANK!
and you can take that to vegillity boy
i'm burning up i'm on fire is you smelling boy
cause i be coming with the top down 
letting them know how the chop sound
100 rounds tore the whole entire block down
assault rifle with a drum and beam totter
38 with a speed loader in my holster
Mac ozze achine with a strap around my shoulder
but if i pop my trunk i'm might just set off a damn explosure
i'm off the wall off the hook off the chain
got a sawd oil tec and i'm bout to knock off your brain
tell em'



You ain't gotta hollar wodie lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Mannie Fresh B.G.)




Drop drop drop what what what
After you back it up then stop
What what wha drop it like its hot
After you back it up and stop
What what wha drop it like its hot
Now drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot

hehe listen


You know me girl
I'm a cash money millionaire look at my Rolie  girl
Drop to your knees top ya hair ah ah slow me girl
Now hit it strong won't be long now catch it slowly girl
No he didn't say that yes I did girl
I don't use rubbers and I don't plan no kids girl
I don't want your number I want your trouble in ya skins girl
Then after that you can get it how you live girl
That's on the real girl I'm a pimp girl
Get it twisted I'll slam you like Shawn Kemp girl
I know my neck get it hot like a lighter girl
I just slap you a couple of times never fight it girl
That's cause I likes it girl
And let me tell you somethin girl I am a player girl 
So don't you try to play me cause I never save a girl
Do me a favor girl and wet the spot girl
And after you back it up drop it like its hot girl


Now after you back it up then stop
What what wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
What what wha drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot


First time need you to bend both knees
Wobble that ass right then pop that pussy 
The left one time the right two times  
Show a nigga somethin put it on a nigga mind come on come on
Nice workin bitch
Ain't no need to hold it in what you workin with
You want a Hot boy hear me work it bitch
Then break a nigga off let me hurt you bitch let me hurt you bitch
I'm on fire yea
I'm nasty and I'ma make you holler yea
Girl think I'm playin I'ma freak ya down
I'ma show you how we do it on ?VL? Uptown I'm wanna hear you make the move
Ooo B.g sounds I wanna hear you say aw boy you laid that down
Aw you laid that down
I'm hot yea people say I'm off the block
But I won't stop till you drop it likes its hot


Now after you back it up then stop
What what wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
What what wha drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot make em' it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot


I'm a rider boy the hottest boy respect me
Cause I'm on fire boy on fire boy
Got them trees holler boy holler boy
Bout my cheese them dollars boy dollars boy
I'm a seventeen survivor boy with choppers boy
I got guns that go BLOCK A boy BLOCK A boy
Ya'll runnin with a monster boy reason Wayne callin yall
And I'm a mobster boy hit it right I get my ball on like soccer boy 
I keep it right I ain't gon thaw it off I'm a Tymer Boy
Go up in flames blockburner thats my motto boy
It ain't a game I cock that cause I'm inside a boy
I'm a pimp got a wife that'll holler boy
Catch her at the house steppin out the shower boy
 hehehehehe got a lotta boys
Claim to be soldiers but lies boy
And if I catch em I'ma bat em and make em retire boy

But a hump in your back and bend your rump 
Hey sexy little mama we can do the hump
And you can hurt me hurt me sex me sex me 

And after he finished next me next me

Work it jerk it pull it hold it grab it 
I need it eat it beat it silly rabbit 
Ha I stuffed you in the ass 
Got this thang up in ya like a snake in the grass 
I know you wish you could go home 
To a nigga with a dick like a python 
Stank bitch ya like a off the hook telephone 
Got ya walkin round with nothin but a fuckin thong 
Take the switch out on these freaks because cause i'm so wrong

So wrong so wrong so wrong
Drop  so wrong listen listen listen


Now after you back it up then stop
Then what what wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
Then what what wha drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot
We make em' drop it like its hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot

Tell em' after you back it up then stop
What what wha drop it like its hot
We tell em' after you back it up then stop
What what wha drop it like its hot
We make em' drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot

They go wobblety wobblety wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety drop drop it like its hot
Make em wobblety wobblety wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety wa a drop drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
Wha wha wha drop it like its hot
They gotta wobblety wobblety wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety drop drop it like it's hot
Tell em after you back it up then stop
Then wha wha wha drop it like its hot
Make em after you back it up then stop
Then wha wha wha drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop em like it's hot lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Ah hmmm hmmmm
Hmmmm Hmmm


When I say I don't give a fuck
I mean that yeah
?? brains is getting bust
I didn't say that yeah
If a shipment was comin in
I need a ?? wodie
I need a sixty-forty nigga
And no chargin' that wodie
You done heard about Michael Jackson
And shiggidy shit
But you ain't never heard about me
When i'm flissin a bitch 
Niggas shoulders gettin knocked
Clean off of they head 
See that red dot comin from 
Me and my girlfriend
Cause I wants mine
I needs mine
And i'm about to get mine
At these times
Look lil' daddy 
You ain't got to worry about none of these other niggas
You needs to be worried about when Juvi comin to get ya
Look I make a phone call to the big dog
Y'all bitches better handle y'all business before I hit y'all
Even though a nigga rich and i rock ice
I still bust a nigga head on the block aright



It's enemy turf that i'm on
So i'ma play it how it go
Cock the hollow points 
And tote my black calicoe
My lil' brother Weezy


My big brother Juvi 
Four hit the blocks
Strapped up with the Uzis


What What La
Gun for gun
Eye for eye
Better move yo' wife and son 
'Cause i ride or die 
Cashmoney Hot Boy
Bless me when i'm gone
But until then load up the chrome cause it's on
I been bout it
Put a ??
I drop the top and then i flip I hit his cock and make 'em flip
And i be full of that trash
i be the first one to jump out the jag bust at 'em fast
Watch the bullets chop off the head 
And make 'em fall in the grass 
One move they all die 
Lil' Weezy small frie 
Guerilla when it's war time
Y'all better learn 
When this nigga shoot it'll be all hell
Well then let 'em burn
??
Seven churn and i be damn if i let 'em go
If i don't get my dough 
Then hell will be all blowin'
'Till i R.I.P CMR i be
I put it down for all my peeps
Nigga lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Look look look

A young nigga screaming fuck the world and let 'em die
Behind tints tryna' duck the world and smoking rie
Got my bandanna 'round my head and pants to my feet
And got my eyes fire red and glock on my seat
I'm tryna' stay under intoxication
'Cause I lost my father and got a daughter plus I'm on probation
I'm drinking liquor like it's water getting pissy drunk
And staying away from them lil' broads that trying to give me some
I keep a chopper in the trunk and my heat on my wasteline
Ducking the law 'cause I ain't tryna' do no FED time
Sometimes I just wish I could be away
But I gotta take care of Reginae and keep macita straight
So I just maintain the struggle and I keep trying
But how can I when my closest people keep dyin'
I ain't lying that the law tryna' bust my clique
But I scream fuck the world man I'm too young for this


Look I don't curse but in this verse man fuck the world
I lost my father to a gun and made a little girl
And I'm still thuggin' wit' my niggas tryna' keep it real
And I'm still doing for my mother and I'm payin' bills

Give me a cigarette my nerves bad
The FEDs said they heard that I know where them birds at
And my old lady say she saw me with anotha Brizzah
And some a the boys shot up my block so now I gotta kill 'em
And teachers keep tellin' my momma that I'm gettin' worse
And now she tripping talking 'bout I need to be in church
And my lil' girl whole family tryna' lie in court
Tryna' put me a child on child support
And my own family deny me of what I do 'cause I'm a 'thug and stuff'
Plus my niggas keep falling to them drugs and stuff
That dope got these niggas melting away
Man they got clowns right around me killing they self everyday
We keep fighting but they so strong
I know it's hard but don't give up baby hold on
Just keep ya fate count blessings and wodie keep ya trust
And grab ya nuts and let 'em know that we don't give a fuck
We don't give a fuck



I mean the world just ain't gon' never change
So I just keep my head up and my nuts let 'em hang
Dawg I swear it's very rough out here for the youngstas
Like everybody against me 'cause I'm a young thug
Dear Rabbit why they have to kill Rabbit?
But I'ma keep you alive nigga I'm Lil' Rabbit
That's why this lil' nigga be bugging like it's no tomorrow
I only can depend on macita and C-M-R
I try my best to make it through the night and live today
But I'm upset so I'm steady wipin' tears away
And police got me under surveillance when and wherever
Wrecking they brains tryna' figure where I'm getting that cheddar
I tell my family just leave me a-damn-lone
I can handle all a my business lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Got a early call from Kisha
Kisha wanted me to meet her
She said she thought it was time to make the relationship get deeper
Said cool then l'm gone be there
What would be a good time to reach ya
She said what about ten but l thought eleven would be sweeter
Cuz she wanted me to see her
Said l needed a teaser
But shit who got the keys to my Beamer
I rolled me up a blunt and got the Crystal out the freezer
I hopped in the two seater
Left Ne-Ne with Macita
Vroooom speed up run faster than a cheetah
Only thing on my mind is how l'm gone get all in this cheap slut
Should I use a rubber cuz I heard she was a freak
They say she keep it cleaned up
But I don't want HIV
?????
Her name's on my beeper
I called her on the Nokia
And told her come pick me up
As soon as I got in the house she got on her knees and grabbed my penis
Ate it up like some peanuts
I said oooohhhh Kisha
This what I got to meet her
She drunk it like a 2 liter
She blow like a pro
Oh no I got to keep her
Told her l'd be back about eleven I'm gone creep her
But don't go to sleep
I got some more meat to feed ya


Now I'm hot
I wonder was up with Kisha tonight
I'm gone give her a call
See if it's alright
For me to dip through
She said it's all gravy
First I got to get somebody to watch my baby
Baby it's all good
I'll be there in a minute
She didn't know I knew Wayne was already hittin it
Soon as I pull up I see my dog runnin out
He saw me dippin in but he didn't know ???
Soon as he pulled off
I knocked on the door
Sayin to myself look at this dog ass hoe
Its cool what you do
You know I like my shit sucked
For you to swallow the cum and put ice on my nuts
Caught my nut now I'm up
I'm gone holla at ya Kittie
I got studio tonight me and the H-Beezey
I can't be late
I'm gone see ya when I could
Here's Juve on the hip
Let 'em know it was all good


Ooohh Oooh there she go
On the way to the corner store
Lil Turk let me know
We done fucked the same bitch before
Say lil mama where you headed
She told me forget it
Hop in the back seat of my car and she spread it
Say baby slow down I don't wanna fuck ya first
I want you to suck on my dick until my nuts will burst
She was a fool with it
She said she had a good teacher she went to school with it
Cuz she knew what to do with it
I didn't want the bitch to have my car smellin
So I took her in the alley with some K Y Jelly
Pull your shorts and your draws down to your knees
Put the rubber on the dick handle that please
I hit it she sucked it
Hit it she sucked it and sucked it
I got tired of the pussy and now I said fuck it
Say boo I gotta ride
My baby moma beepin me and she stay way on the other side
I hit B.G. on the celly
And told him that the bitch was all good and you have it not to telly


Bitch hold on do I know she fucked three of my dogs
I caught her walkin out the alley down by the mall
She fucked Wayne Juve lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Cut the lights off nigga 
You know what time it is 
You know what time it is 
Strap -Up 


Alot of niggas better move out
Cause here I come with my click
With the tools out
All of a sudden all these cowards
Startin to spook out 
It's warfare a buncha of niggas
Bout to loose out
It's time to load up them thangs 
Hit the spot run in his house
And make 'em show up then thangs
Take 'em in the room go in his pockets 
And then blow up his brain
No matter the weather
Rain snow sleet or hail
I'ma slang that metal 
So tell 'em niggas in yo' hood
To get it together
Cause i'm the tolas mario 
And we down for whatever
Nerver underestimate or you goin under
Y'all keep on playin with Lil Wayne
But that lil' boy trouble
And plus this shorty be ?? wodie
Be storin' bundles M start wildin and 
Hit the block and let his toys rumble 
And it go ratter tatter
It be ?? niggas scatter 
When the M-1 shatter 
And everybody on they block
They get bout ten in they bladder


Tell 'em lights off
Mask on 
Creep silent
Your lifes gone
We done left the block quiet


La
When it's time to ride
It ain't no time to play
It could be time to die
At any time of the day
And i'll be godammit
If i let a nigga steel me
It will not happen
Ima fire about a hundred and fifty shots at 'em
And got my glocks rabbin'
Leave a nigga spot damaged
That's how the beat made us
I chief three blunts 
So I can get a head rush
Then come around the corner
And your whole day crush
I'm sick and tired
Niggas choosin test a boy
They get hit and die 
Some of 'em scared of man slaughter
So they stay inside 
And watch they partner get lit up
And then they ask why
That's cause you played wit' me
They could'nt of known im'a guerilla
Drama stayed with me 
Run in his home went to kill him
Took his head with me
You better get it right or keep it right
Or lose your whole town
Tell em' lights off
It's about to go down 




Massacire all these streets block it off
Lil' Wayne in yo' hood
With something like a rocket dog
And i'm after ya 
I don't pass beef 
I stop at all 
That boy got a head on his shoulders
I knock it off
I'm highly intoxicated mixing krystelle and vodka
Somebody call the doctor 
Cause my chopper done went blocka knocka
Nigga out the way man
I'm sorry but us guerillas we can't stay tamed say it man
Are you ready ready
Ready for warfare Wayne Turk Juvi and BGeezy they all there
We all flare don't care dog they all tear
Give the guns to the one with the long hair
And block burner
It gets quiet they see the rims twenty four seventy
they breathe heavlily
Bullets they come steadily
You better stay off the block
Cause you might fall
You better stay off the block
Cause the lights off




Lights off
Tell em' lights off
La la lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. B.G. Baby Juvenile Mannie Fresh)




Wha wha wha nigga nigga

I put piss stains on private planes cuz its my jet nigga
Money aint shit cuz my rottweilers drink moet
Diamond baugette bracelets for my lovers
Playa i use cristal to lubricate rubbers
Who got shit on his wrist that cost 3 nickel
Who got the project on lock when that nigga slangin pickle
Who got benz a prowler playboy and a Vette
Tell the truth--who fucked ya on the same night when we met?
Now who got baby mamas from the noila to new york
Who got every bitch attention in this motherfucker when he talk
Now who the fuck we talkin bout look--yall dont know?
I'll give you a hint: see that bitch you with?
He fucked that hoe
Now look here yall aint seen my watch its like harlem world video
White diamonds red rubies blue baugettes I dont know
Shorty when tha next time imma be up in your bed
I love you? you love me? 
Well go head on and gimme some head


Loud pipes big rims
Wodie thats our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry thats our night
I know a lot of haters out there sayin
That thats not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So thats our life


I told four I need somethin
With some hell of a ice
Nigga came back with a hell of a price
That aint nothin
These hoes doin hella wrong
Callin these niggaz on our cell phone
Bitch ridin benz on 20 inch chrome
Gimme the key the car hoe and the alarm
For my prowler my jag my benz and my home
Bitch you'll neva ride 20 inch chrome
I love to shine thats why the choppa is mine
Hit my block in my benz hoe with stretch tires
Bought a new car that I couldnt drive
Ordered the tunes before a nigga could drive
When I put the bose system right behind my eyes
With the vc's and tv's so a nigga could shine
With my ice bling bling like a 9 to 5
And tell all my hoes they dont need no job




I ride the best from a benz to a jag to a beamer to a lex
Might fly first class on delta helicopter or a jet
I'm a stunter I'm a reppa
Geezy like to shine
Drink Don Moet and Cris
See thats the finest wine
20 inches is the only thing i sit my shit on
Dont bring ya bitch around me 
Cuz my dick she'll wanna sit on
And I aint gonna tell her nothin different
Thats ya issue
But after she come back
Your best out is not to kiss her
Hoes sick sayin damn look at Fresh pinky ring
Look at BG watch
That bitch blingalingaling
I'm a ice wearer trust me you will neva
See me sportin nothin that aint 20 g's or betta
Me and Wayne take the left
Juve and Baby take the right
Its dark in the room we hold up our watches and its light
Cash Money millionaires livin a hell of a life
Like my nigga weezay said we surrounded by ice




whoa whoa whoa
Now im shinin baby glossin
Big tymin stuntin and flossin
Lamborghini sittin on ??
With two more in my garages
Plus a blue and black ferrari
With nintendo and atari
Man I swear the car is awesome
Vroom! sorry we lost em
I'm back
I pull up smellin like dime sacks and cognac
I leave in the hummer 
Hour lata I'm flyin back
Whoosh private jets about to land
The women fall out when I let em touch my hand
I get out the plane into a mercedes benz van 
TVs all ova with chrome 20 inch fans damn
Got damn
Man I am
L-I-L weezy off the heezy
But still in all ice floodin on my watch
And in my grill and all
Porch blocks front blocks
Still in all me and Slim in the Rover
Beatrice brick holder lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Original roughnecks hear 
Check!


Nobody burn them blocks like-a we
Nobody bust them heads like-a we
Nobody could outshine we
Tha whole CMR CMR family


Look it's little rhymecholy
Legendary like Bob Marley
17 ward superstar feel me
I tell ya shorty million dollar nigga
Don't test 'cause lil' shorty is a rider nigga
Got my click behind me.. every step of tha way
Hit your wards with tha pump with your chest and your face
I'm a bloodhound... I ain't lyin' I'm thugged out!
I'm from uptown... and that ain't no Beverly Hills
You wan' know what that be like? Well curiousity kills
Send chills up my trigga finger blast tha dummy
'Specially if it's a drought I got ta have tha money
Take tha hit even if it's below tha average money
Got to make it through tha week and feed my family uppy
I'm just a lil' thug what
Belt-buckle fall down to my cuffs what
And police don't even matter they can suck what
Tha price right if I catch ya slippin' nigga what what.. what


Nobody burn them blocks like-a we 
Nobody bust them heads like-a we 
Nobody could outshin we
Tha whole CMR CMR family  

Nobody burn them blocks like-a we 
Nobody bust them heads like-a we ( Say it say it) 
Nobody could outshine we
Tha whole CMR CMR family 


Eeh what what
What you got a  'cause of tha threats that you sendin' me?
Lil' boy I got so much money I know who killed Kennedy
I hear you tellin' people 'bout tha people you done
But look everytime I brought me to ya you all about fun
What made you bring a knife to a gun fight... now that's not right!
Why your bitch-ass even showed up tonight?
Nigga we use ta kick it like Tai Bo
I don't know.. what made you go sideshow turn jive whore
Kickin' trifling dirty and low
We use ta split chicken.. ride ta Texas and back
I drive tha rental car while you drive tha Cadillac
Shakin' like a pair of hot dice
Doin' 55 duckin' feds law enforcement and police
Niggas turn like fake gold.. sell they soul
Treat'cha like Chicago in tha winter: ice cold!
9-karat 44's and Calicos
Keep a clean nose
And tight Teflon bullet-proof clothes


Nobody burn them blocks like-a we 
Nobody bust  them heads like-a we 
Nobody could  outshine  we 
Tha whole CMR  CMR  family  

Nobody burn them blocks  like-a we   

Nobody bust them heads  like-a we   

Nobody could  outshine  we 
Tha whole CMR  CMR  family  


Nigga outta line get smoked
I don't kidd or joke
Fuckin' with my B.G. off top I'm goin' broke
I don't play with these niggas
I get.. low down and dirty
And have niggas' brains coverin' tha ground
I'm tha number-one stunter you don't want my trouble
I'll have four niggas in your hood in my hummer
I'm from back in tha game but ain't a damn thing change


Ya get a whole thing for ten nigga tha price tha same


My money long but it don't run with tha airport
I just bought a Hotel Cash Money Resort
Hos love my grill hos love my crib


These hos just love tha way that.. Baby live


But I'm a thug-ass nigga arms full of some taps
Got a Cash Money Millionaires 'cross my back
You don't want funk with me.. I don't think you do lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Say Weezy 


Can... they remember... me?
Lil' Wee... zy


Make 'em remember  ya nigga
Let these niggas know your  background nigga 
Let 'em  know your  background!
Let 'em know how you've been for a while


All I was taught was murder murder
Kill drama and nothin' less
I strap tha Smith-Wess and bust.. it in they chest
I had ta hustle hustle hustle hustle
Had ta struggle for success
Hid grams in girls' breasts stick bricks.. under they dress
Them niggas there with me fooli'
Me I'm full of that dilly
Hope when I catch them slippin'
Him and they daddy's trippin'
Shorty can hold it down
Shorty be totin' rounds
Smellin' like a pound on school grounds
Shorty wow
Hair... all over my head
Bandana 'round my brain
Eyes bloodshot red
Briches down to my legs
Guns up in my trench
When niggas playin' they get drenched
My pockets is full of lead
So nigga stay off tha ben
I'm young with bad nerves
Since I lost my partna I've been troubled hurt in this 'burb
So I'on't even hesitate ta leave 'em on tha curb
And wet dem niggas' shirt
Nigga get 'em full of birds
Tell them niggas Geezy!

[Chorus B.G.]
Remember he? Tha little G never die
Took one to tha chest but Weeze Wee never die
Remember he? Tha little G never die
Have B.Geezy on his side so Weezy Wee never die
Lil' Weezy Wee... had ta steal hustle and jack
Weezy Wee roll with K's glocks and MAC's
Tha little G he was raised keepin' it real
That's my lil' nigga I taught him to get it how he live nigga


Look look
That time I forgot tha bills
Ain't been home in two weeks
Macita lookin' for me
Tha word all over tha streets
Well shiiit! I love my momma
But all I got ta offer is drama and many problems
I lay back in tha cut
These niggas out and I rob 'em they ain't spin around here
We all alone on my block like nobody live 'round here
Tha lights got cut off at my house and now I'm lookin' for a win-dow
I can't see it I'ma drop my pile on tha floor
They got some niggas stuntin' in Benz hey man them boys ain't riders
{gun cocks} Hand it over partna my feet done got tired 
Well picture this I gotta corner this ole nigga address
He said he got that work and needed me ta meet 'im there 
Nigga take your Roly down with somethin' shady daddy 
Within a week he changed his mind and... received tha package 
Oh well... back to tha drawin' board 
Cowards start hollerin' 'cause they know I'm comin' for it




Lemme tell 'em
You remember that there nigga use ta be thuggin' it out
Blunt in his mouth would stay passed up in a drought
Run in your house "Lay down! Nobody move!
Tell that slut go get your stash and empty your pockets fool!"
That's how it was... crime struggle drivin' for scrubs
Lots of thugs... make niggas come ta answer them up
Some niggas choose ta come back to me ride around my set for me
My lights off that thing 'cause I got that SKS with me
!Okay! 
Listen all you ballin' niggas betta !relocate! 
'Cause see ya'll got it
I gotta make my cheese !rotate! 
Right now I'm doin' bad
So just give me with whatever you have my stomach hurt I need a bag
I'm street-livin'... week for week
No-sleep livin'
Look outside ya window in tha mornin' your jeep missin'
My heat sizzlin'
I'm ready ta sweep these niggas
Geezy... make 'em remember Weezy nigga!




Look remember that?


Wuz up (Are you rememberin' B.Geezy?)
I remember you nigga we go way back ta True Story  nigga ya heard 
me


Look you don't remember me?


I remember ya nigga


I was.. I was  a bad dog...  Highly 
Grove 17 off top lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










What what what
What what what
What what what
Listen listen
When.. I come through.. bustin'
Everybody on.. tha block be.. run-nin'
Weezy Wayne Hot Boy I.. be.. thug-gin'
Got.. them.. things.. ten up keep.. hustlin'
Catch me at tha shop I will.. be.. there
And my prices stay low I keep.. it.. there
And if you want it raw I got.. it.. right.. here
And if you want war I am.. your.. nigh-tmare
This is all I know it's bang bang
I hustle and slang slang
My block.. I hang hang
Who am I? Lil' Wayne man
I represent CMB
My cell is ten in heat
I usually get in beef
Was taught that it's him or me
I pop head-bustas quick
I rock here for my brick
I chop that I'ma 
My shop here 
I always.. thug in black
And always.. bustin' gats
Your girly's.. fuckin' back
Now how you... lovin' that

[Chorus 2x Juvenile]
Hot Boy$ wardy.. respect.. us
Represen-tin' Cash Money.. Records
It's warfare you betta.. vest.. up
But if you ain't scared they blow.. your.. set.. up


Listen listen
I give it to 'em how they ask me
Raw and nasty
Tha AK I pack it
Believe I'm 'bout that action
Slash a busta like a fraction
I'm on that yolla
Standin' on tha corner with one sleeve over my shoulder
Ride on your block I see a dozen of weak jerks
Now it's time for your momma ta order a dozen of T-shirts
For only half-a brick
I'll blast tha fifty
And I ain't gon' stop shootin' 'til I jam tha clip
Yeah I'm a small creeper what
But it's about ta get ugly
Ya'll betta call people up
I'm about ta start shovin' my sawed-off between your guts
Wayne 'bout ta  ball people up
Ya'll betta duck
When it get real they hide from me
But all them bustas 'bout ta get killed I'm tired of it
Man I'm thuggin' 'til tha day I.. I die cousin
Weezy Wee.. let 'em burn bring tha fire truck in... 



Nigga let it be known
I'll come blow up your home
Take a few blunts to tha dome
And.. show up alone
Just me and my.. flame-torch
Wayne start.. danger
Walked with my head down like a stranger and banged ya
Burnin' off that Hennesy
Some-a ya'll be feminine
Bounce in with a twitch
Leave 'em crawlin' out a ditch
God damn... son of a shhh!.. Don't speak
I cocked that and let it go tssss!.. Give 'em heat
Your cheese I got.. ta.. get.. paid
I'm goin' all out no matter what.. it.. takes
I.. was.. raised.. up on.. that.. paper
Kill-for-the-scrill was.. in.. my.. nature
Tote M1's and keep.. tha.. block.. hot
Sell wrong colts to keep.. my.. glock.. hot
Never add taxes to.. my.. price man
And if a boy play I ride.. at.. night man
What!




Uh uh uh
Say Lil' Weezy
You did this one here ya heard me
They ain't gon' never get weared out from this one
It's like they said boy
In tha year 2000 it's all about Wayne
It's your chrome man run that thang
17th ward to tha 3rd ward downtown
Do that there
Huh huh huh lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha what

Straight off the black gold nuts in my hand trustin no man
Got my glock cocked runnin this thing ya understand
We be steamin blazin nines pumped in caves and
Hollygrove 17th the hood where I was raised in
Niggaz bustin heads and runnin duckin Feds and
rocks under they tongues and ki's under they beds and
do it for the real niggaz twenty-four seven hustlers
EHHH until we shove a barrel down ya pipe suckers
Ain't no love for them busta no pimp for no coward
No respect for no stunt and no money without power
We keepin niggaz hotter EWWWW nasty and sour
Pile up in the Eddie Bauer and BLAKA at every hour
Some niggaz like that powder fold it up what they drain
Some like that weed or that dope and some shoot it up in they veins
From the home of the game jackin and crackin brains
Broadcastin live from Tha Block it's Lil' Wayne

[Chorus: B.G. and Juvenile Lil' Wayne]

 Nigga you got that llello?
 Well cook something nigga
 Nigga you let them K's go?
 Well bust somethin nigga
 Are you duckin that law?
 You better run from em nigga
 Are you playin with that raw?
 Well won't you front somethin nigga
 Tha Block is Hot Tha Block is Hot ha ha-ha
Tha Block is Hot Tha Block is Hot ha ha-ha
Tha Block is Hot Tha Block is Hot ha ha-ha
Tha Block is Hot Tha Block is Hot ha..


See where I'm from we keep our guns out
Dodgin cops and burnin blocks cause we be thugged out
It's time to floss two big bodies on Broad South
and they got quarter staffs and birds that run the house
It's all good in the hood hustlin like illegal
Soon as you get it hot SKIRT like for them people
Break up the block and hit the cut by the corner sto'
End up in Miss Taylor backyard be quiet she on the porch
This everyday at the spot where niggaz murder on top boy
It's the spot where they got Fire Girls and Hot Boys
We don't know what be goin cause we so blunted from trees
and we'll be round ya all day til it's 
And you see where niggaz go nobody be on the pulpit
They got a nigga that own the sto' he flippin out off that broad
Betta stay in yo' car and make sure your door is locked
Cause this ain't nuttin proper cause Tha Block is jusssst Hot




See watch your step on my section gotta walk like talk like
Where they shot out all the street lights
So you can't see what nobody be like
And we like to dress in all black up in my residence
Ain't got on no suits cause we ain't tryin to be presidents
And ever since the coke drought niggaz been on a trip y'all
So you better watch what y'all playin wit
Cause a nigga will try to flip y'all
They hit y'all jam you up and put a gun to your jug
Hahhhh catch your breath now shhhhh catch a slug
It's street smarts plenty niggaz that keep spots
When the heat starts ain't nobody got sweethearts
Callin weak shots you could come try to cheap talk
We cut your week short them lil' boys don't give a damn
Call out for that caper won't hesitate to kill a man
Run in his house and kidnap the nigga him and his fam
Tie em up put em in the vans then put a gat in his drawers
... tch one move blow his cactuses off




WHOOT! Some people call me cause Tha Block is Hot
Shk-a-BLAOW! Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga shhhhh cook it up cause Tha Block is Hot
Say look Daddy just hook it up cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga WHOOT! Some people call me cause Tha Block is Hot
Shk-a-BLAOW! Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga shhhhh cook it up cause Tha Block is Hot
Say look Daddy just hook it up cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga my block hot nigga my block burn
My block on fire nigga what about yours?
Nigga my block hot nigga my block burn
My block on fire lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Look where I go from here?
Just lost my father last year
But I still remain to keep it real like dollar bills
I drop tears can't believe my daddy's gone
Rabbit come home why ya left us all alone?
But I'm comin man
Just wait at the gates I'ma be runnin man
Arms open eyes wide full a love
You watched me come up from a scrub
Now ya see ya son ridin everyday on dubs
But I wish I could share them times wit' you
It got me pissed this family and my momma too
But please brah won't ya come back for Lil Wayne
And see Cita Mrs. Rose Sheryl Kemp and plus Sinetra
Dawg we really miss ya
And it ain't all that cool livin off pictures
Ah man visit while I'm sleep write a note or call me
Can't believe you left me to be a small man
But I know it wasn't meant to be
That's why I suck up all the game that you sent to me


It's up to you Wayne nigga stay up and keep it real
It's all on you man my nigga I know how you feel
Just be strong 'cause everythang gon' be alright
I know it's hard tryna make but it's gon' be alright

Alright I know it see I got a child
I know I'm young but when you left dawg thangs got wild
I know you probably sayin 'damn you raisin children now?'
But it's all gravy I'm with Baby makin millions now
So I still smile
I'm takin care ya wife bra
Ain't nothin changed if I still come home late at night she fuss
But it's still the ol' same ol' same ol'
Thangs go up and down like rainbows we maintain though
So you know who payin the bills now ah hah
Still flossin give my audience the chills ah hah
I got all my game from you man I ain't gon' lie
But I'm still thuggin nigga playa you think I ain't gon' ride?
But Slim and B done slowed me done and brought the talent out me
Yeah Slim and B done showed me 'round all a the Jags around me
And I ain't goin' no where that nigga stuck wit' me
And make you and my people happy man it's up to me



I know you know I'm thinkin' 'bout ya you be on my mind
I know ya see me everytime watchin the boys shine
And I know that ya see I put out my own CD
And picture this your little boy even on TV
But I swear it's off the heezy Weezy
Say it's cool you can believe me I like how they treat me
I'm doin' what ya say don't let a nigga try me
And I don't let a fine pretty broad get by me
Don't let nothin' pull me off track from my hobby
Oh yeah and I don't leave my room sloppy
But the same thang make ya laugh make ya cry
And everybody that ya love it's like they have to die
I pray to the Lord everyday and ask him why
And ask him to bless your soul everytime I pass by
I know he doin' it and leavin all the love to me
And I'ma prove it and show ya daddy it's up to me



I mean it's up to me man
Just watch over me
And it's gon' be all gravy man
Leavin big lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








What
What?
Nigga huh?
Huh?
Nigga what?
What?!
What?
Check!

I'm shootin' flee
Pollutin' you and your niggas betta run from me
Comin' through in a strap... with a 223
You be losin' your life when you caught up... in beef
What? Nigga nigga shiiiit!
Now I'm ridin' ride
With a K on my side
50 shots flyin' fly
Nigga you want beef with I?
I hope you lyin' but why?
In the middle of tha night I be fatigued camouflagin' by
Byy-bahda-by-by-by
Huh? Nigga what? Takin' me for a joke and watch me hurt cha
Boys there they be commercial... I beat 'em 'til they purple
I'm a lil' bitty nigga but I got a big ole chop 2's that'll kill 50 niggas
Didja do it? Thought it was cool?
But cha still in it nigga
Your so ugly with your boys but I'm still pretty nigga
Lil' Wayne representin'
I cut like blades I bust heads and break legs
I tear up dreads take our breads now go figure
What? From tha 17th I back down from no nigga
Had me four deep in four cars on your block with four triggas
Man... ya'll niggas ain't up for this!!
Ya'll hatin' on me you can suck my dick!
Didn't I tell ya ta chill?
Guerrilla you can play if you want
Find yourself in tha back-a my trunk
Ho feminine punk!


Now nigga what?! Huh?! 
Nigga watcha wanna do?!
Nigga huh?! What?! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga I say what?! Huh?! Huh?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga huh?! What?! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!

Now I be Wayne Wayne Wayne... from CMB
50 shots flame flame flame... from artillery
Bullets they stain stain stain... burn like rubber on tha streets
 If you can't hang find your way from 'round me
Lil' soldier in all black off-a A.N.E.
I pullin' ego my nigga so ain't no playin' me
Yeah I may be... a lil' small and all that
But I'm 'bout war totin' a gat flippin' a car and all that
Now freeze! Me and my g's hitchyour hood like fleas
Soldier rag black 'Bauds white T's and Ree's
Please tell me that you was fulla weed
When you said you want beef
'Cause I don't think nonna ya'll famileez wan' see ya'll bleed
I know what tha hell it be
Ya'll niggas don't listen up when we speak
I be ten-deep
Lettin' 223's chop trees
 told me not ta be weak and let a nigga play me
So he... who take tha biggest bite lose all-a his teeth
Hook up wit Juve Turk and B.G.
Open niggas like ki'
G... I bet some g's boy can't wet a HB
Or Steve's... CMB's make tha scene off tha heez
All ya'll beef-b's be seized when we ride... g's!


Nigga what! Huh! What!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga what nigga what?! Nigga huh?!
Watcha wanna do?!
I say what! Huh! What!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga what! Huh?!
Nigga watcha wanna do?!

Look dog... you can be stupid if want watch it be war
Or all you drive tha car I hit tha block and.. cut 'em off
Whole nation gon' fall... when Wayne spins tha cut
Guns up nigga what!... I clutch and bust
Niggas duck and hide... when.. I.. ride
I load tha forty-five and explode on your side
My niggas Mike and Mario they got some 2's for me
And I spin a nigga ben until he use ta me
I'm on a 3000-dollar duck.. on your block just waitin'
Nonna dem niggas could take me I was too in-tox-i-cat-ed
But nigga if you want war with me besta be 'bout your issue
Hit your set with.. my nigga with them things ta split cha
Picture a lil' nigga dressed in black... with a big ole gun
In front'chyour house shootin' 'baahhh!!!'.. hollerin' out 'Nigga 
what?!'

Nigga what! Huh! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga what! Huh! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga I say huh?! What?!
Nigga watcha wanna do?!
Have me in all black bustin' back at your crew!
Now I say what! Huh! What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
I say huh?! What?!
Nigga watcha wanna do?!
Nigga what?! Huh?!
Nigga watcha wanna do?!
Have me in all black bustin' at your crew!
What! What! What!
Huh?! Huh?!
Nigga nigga nigga what ch'all want?
Nigga what ch'all niggas wan' do?
Nigga lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










He he hee
I'm a young playa nigga 
I get the game from the big tymers nigga (what what)
Who else?  On the real nigga on the real nigga
Respect the game
Cuz I got the game


Y'all know who I is
Weezy coming thru in the bubble eye Benz
See me front in back with the wood all around
Plus I got that *boom boom* surround sound
Don't hate on me boy if you do *pow* get down
Come from under my shirt try to lift you off the ground
But on the other hand I'ma keep running man
I got about a hundred coming up with three Hummers man
We stuntas man
I might stumble across a grand and give it to you wifey
And watch how she *slurp* on my pipey like a Icee
I might be in a Range that night
I might be in a Lex watching the game tonight
I got a hundred on Kobe hope he playing it right
But if I lose its cool that's some change lil shite
That ain't nothing
I ain't doing nothing if I I ain't stunting
Hold up girl be quiet Lil Wayne coming.


Slow yo roll lil one
You ain't glad its bought
And Ms. Pat and gray head over there
In the back card gambling
At the bar dranking
But go head just be quiet with ‘em lil one


Broads I use ‘em
Hatas I bluse ‘em
My whole front grill is full of confusion
Got dammit
Weezy pull up in a Porsche expanded 
I was to the back niggas couldn't stand it
Soon as I left the scene the women vanished
I got it like that
Got Rolex blue shit hard to say watches
Plus I bought all of my niggas Cartier watches
Weezy and his clique leave with forty b-e-atches
Million dolla man baby tear da beasy
Catch me sippin on some Hen maybe Covoursier
Sammy Mario tody Taz that's my posse
And what
You might see me dippin low in a Benz truck
Tell yo girl hello
I done did her what you muggin me for
Keep playin with me I'll put a slug in yo do


Now looky here young blood
Pull yo pants up on yo ass and put that piece of metal up in yo shirt
Don't make me get up out this wheel chair and kick yo ass
Now keep doing what you doing
Go head

Y'all know me young playa stomp with the big dogs
Play with me boy I give you cancer like menthol
Cough cough cough up
Got a cat eye benz on brollas
They call us
Uptown shiners
Original hot boy$ baby big tymers
I spit game
Get in they head they be like “Quit Wayne!”
Half hour later I'm in they split man
Hehehehe it be kicks man
Let me get real
I'll kill on the battlefield
Steal for the scrill
I will never leave my clique nigga I'm to trill
I'm a little peepsqueal
But I'm a ape in that jungle
And if you get it twisted
Nigga I'm taking yo lover
I mean I'm raping yo lover
Leave her taste in my rubber
I'm a playa nigga lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Aw aw
Aw aw!
Aw aw!!
Peep me out look!
Head bustin' black fatigues
So blunted 400 degreez it's sweet
Nigga respect me
When you see tha left hand buggin' nigga respect it
But if you see tha left hand bustin' nigga your disrespectin'
Took one to tha chest I never die I'm tha same brotha
Jump out and shoot K's let 'em fly I'm tha same brotha
It's a must they recognize that I'm untamed brotha
Disconnect a boy like a damn change number
Uhhh hang up and try again
I kill ya wake ya up and make you die again
Spark it up and make a nigga block fry again
Go ta jail and do life not five ta ten
Me Lil' Mario and Toolie that's my man fam
My niggas don't give a Jean-Claude VanDamme
About'chu 'cause we don't play around
Bring tha K around spray tha town take tha ground
Take tha ground that you walk on
Tap tha phones that you talk on
Jam ya up and take your arms off
I hit you twice with tha sawed-off
And your nigga just watch your head fall off... fall off
You think ya love me I shoot anybody that look suspicious 
I bust tha three-six until tha damn drum bust 
I hit tha hood  be up in all black  
numb-nut
I run up in your house with a tommy gun what
I'm standin' there like all mine
Run through your click like a weak defensive line
Doggy fresh


You want war nigga let's beef... beef
We can do it how ya want or take it to tha streets... streets
I'll be dressed in camouflage Ree's on my feet
Through your air  leave ya burnin' like heat
What ya.. know I'm tha one from tha T.C.
Chopper shooter block bruiser I'll bet any G 
On fire nigga label that's a HB
And if I can't kill you.. killin' your family 
Think it's a game 'rilla test my nuts you'll see
How fast I send shots through your 6V 
Heads bust if ya really think it's CMB
And I know you all know about Slim and B
We get our ball on nigga drink Cristy
Me and Buck get head from meekos in Tennessee
Betta ask somebody nigga I been a G
And the Baby still servin' niggas for ten a key... nigga


Aw aw aw look
Call me big baller Big Tymer big pockets
Call me big stunter big stick or big body
Call me that lil' nigga with tha Role... fulla diamonds
Call me tha number one Hot Boy on fire
Fire when you shoot outta town then I'ma holler
With a crate of Crystile couple of blunts and a condom
Let him know if  he down bad that ain't my problem
Ler him know if he come at me bad then I'ma chop him
Ch-uh.. chop him
Put tha flame to him
All of a sudden tha thing hits straight through him
'Cause I'm tha same nigga pimper boy Lil' Wayne
Thugged out lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Whaaat
You can find me on the corner with stones quarters and zones
or dope and powder broke and our sale's soap and flour
And most of our customers come up to us daily
Yet and still I cut this stuff crazy - a hustler baby
What can I give you? I distribute ki's to the kings
and z's to the fiends and ecstasy and weed to the teens
You need to see Wheez - anything you like and I have 'em
From crack to Viagra and Vicadins valiums
I'm the nigga they point to when you hit my av
So get all your money together come and get my slabs
I get my cash put some aside and flip like half
And still enough for me to TV and deep-dish my Nav'
And you can tell the law that I say they can kiss my acid
For the white people when I get you bricks for ten I know the right people
And I keep a nine on my waistline
And I'ma be right on the corner wodie - I'm gonna grind


I tell 'em 
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga I'm tryin' to grind

I tell 'em 
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga I'm on the grind


Nigga y'all gon' respect Wheezy or else the tec squeezin' shots
I have your chest steamin' hot and your sis' screamin' 
I hang out on the block nigga with rocks and weed
On the corner 'til the mornin' see the cops and flee
And if we beef we don't beef long 'cause we gon' creep all night
So I hope you don't sleep all night - we on your street all night
Say aw aw I don't want your boy to get me shoes
'cause I spit tools and put him tissues in his shoes
And the bricks move every followin' week
So if you need to get it too then holla at me - got powder or d
And I shower your streets until your av pass out
More bricks than the three of your pigs' last damn house
Stack crack and lay back and just laugh at droughts
And issue work for half and just grab that south
For real nigga - Wheezy Whee tryin' to shine
From daybreak to nightfall I'm gon' grind


Tell 'em 
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga I'm on the grind

I tell 'em 
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga I'm on the grind


I start from grams to ounces to quarters to halves to ki's
Take seconds to minutes to hours to days and to weeks
Gotta grind work hustle struggle and get it
Gotta buy cook it cut it sell it and flip it
And I flight everyday and night from the corner to the avenue
And I'll sleep next week man I got yay dope and crack to move
Ask them dudes when Wheezy open shop I ain't got a bag to lose
Especially if I don't like who sent 'em to me and I'ma tax a dude
Duck the Feds and drama like I duck my baby momma
Sometimes I play it sour - what you thought was yay was flour
I pull whatever for the cheddar - nigga gotta flash and floss
Drought come around then it's jack the cost or jack the boss
Cock the gun then I push rocks 'til I spot the sun
All day I hung the block I see the cops and run
I'm tryin' to get rich 'cause I wan' shine
You can find me on the block nigga all the time


I tell 'em 
You see me hustlin' on the block all the time
Sittin' at the table breakin' ki's down to dimes
Sooner or later this neighborhood gon' be mine
Nigga I'm on the grind


Look lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Come on come on
Come on come on come on come on come on
I roll with a bunch of untamed guerrillas head bustas and sharks
Niggas that's 'bout beefin' - lettin' them K's spark
Knockin'-it-off-your-shoulder soldiers - them real niggas
Niggas who did time - hard-to-kill niggas
How you live you get it is the way a nigga play it
Niggas ain't fightin' no more - niggas bustin' your head
Sendin' you to your grave - it's do or die cousin
Aimin' straight for your head makin' sure you die cousin
They dressin' in black prepared for combat
Ridin' four deep strapped with choppers and macks
Not givin' a fuck gettin' your cut lettin' it bust
You get hit that's on you my nigga - you're outta luck
You're stuck like chuck - wodie you're assed out
That's what happen to ya tryin' to be hard runnin' your mouth
Get erased my nigga 
Look here: I leave no trace my nigga 
No witnesses so can you see my face my nigga 
Fled the scene - so you have no case my nigga- -case my nigga
Look here: you can play if you wanna get down
Get your stupid ass left where you can't be found


We done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
We done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 
We done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
We done popped you up chopped you up boxed you up 
We done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
We done popped you up chopped you up boxed you up 
We done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
We done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up


I was wrong for a lot of shit that I'ma take to my grave
Continuously whippin' niggas like a runaway slave
Must was meant for me to be thuggin' - I stay in some beef
Baby and Slim keep tellin' me "Juvenile stay off them streets."
I can't help - I draw attention; they be fuckin' with me
I'm hot in the ass and can't get enough of these streets
A lil' nigga in the Rolls screamin' 
Peelin' out in front the club about to duck to the east
Now play yourself you gon' find yourself by yourself
In a nice place ducked off with fucked up health
I done been strucked and snuck but never fucked and stuck
My life is four hundred degrees so I bust 'em up
Still stickin' to the g-code Ree's and B's
Quit drinkin' but I will smoke some weed indeed
All they understand is my project English
And if you don't like it you can kiss my penis


We done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
We done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 


I run the streets 'cause I'm real if it's daylight or dark
You a killer nigga?  Ain't no fear in my heart
I'll go toe to toe with ya or take ya to war
I'll even go K for K with ya - now make your choice
Better know when I'm in beef that I be creepin' nigga
Better know that I'm a snake and I'ma sneak ya nigga
Each time I hit the corner I be leavin' niggas
Momma upset - can't even go on and grievin' nigga
Nothin' change - I'm on TV I don't play with you niggas
Still the same that'll spin broad day on you niggas
And empty a hundred out that K
Where you're caught hangin' is where you're left stankin' ya heard me
I've been in the game - niggas know what I'm 'bout
So many murders under my belt I done lost count
If you wanna be another number my nigga
Go ahead drop your nuts and run up my nigga


We done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
We done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 
Now we done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
Nigga we done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 
Now we done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
And we done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 
Look we done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
Look we done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 


Hello world
I zip through fast in a yellow pearl drop Porsche Boxter
Young mobster wild and obnoxious
Pop some in your dreadlocks - What? Me not no rookie boy
Glock cookin' boy
I'll turn your forehead to a pussy boy
Off the gate cousin you niggas gon' make me stalk and spray somethin'
Spark or lace somethin'
Park the car get out walk and spray somethin'
Taught to stay thuggin' brought up in this shit that we call America
And in my hood the laws are scared of us - we are too terrible
If I live to be old it's a miracle
'cause the way a nigga hatin' or bitch plottin' the shit's hysterical 
That's why I keep me two big guns on blast like a stereo
Come to your burial and kill anybody else who care for you
Don't blame me society changed me
You haul white you smash powder all night for the fast dollar
Cut off lights we masked riders
The hood trash got us in a position we can't shake
With boys we can't break and due to that you ain't safe bitch


We done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
Now we done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 
Look we done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
Now we done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up nigga 

We hit you up lit you up twist you up 
And we done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 

We done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
Now we done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 
Boy look
We done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
Now we done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 
Look we done hit you up lit you up twist you up 
Look we done chopped you up popped you up boxed you up 


Nigga - we put holes in you bitch-ass niggas ya heard me
We don't barrow nothin' don't fear nothin'
And ain't nothin' you can do 'bout these  Boy$ nigga
Let 'em burn nigga
Let 'em burn nigga
B.Geezy Lil Wheezy Juvy lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









I know I know Weezy Wee this dedicated to my father
Damn nigga y'all excuse the expressions

What it be like up there baby boy ay this here ya son hollerin at ya
I miss the shit out ya it's hard to be without ya
But I know you watchin peepin down on how I'm livin
Ay tell Jesus I said thanks for the blessings he sendin
Please ask him to forgive me for the sins I commit 
Just let him know I'm still young and at risk
Say I'll never forget the time that you caught me smokin herb in the house
I was dead wrong I deserved to get out
But you just talked it over with my mom and got it situated in due time
Told me get the paper instead of high
So now I take that advice and shed light over my whole life dog
I wanted to be just like you my whole life dog
I can't believe them niggas stole ya that shit's pain to me
But don't trip I hold you down you still remain through me
And dog I know I can't see you but I bet that you smilin
And I'm a make you even happier I promise


I know you can't be close to my nigga I know
But I know you watchin over me nigga I know
But the shit's steady hurtin burn deep
But it's alright dog everything gon' be alright dog

I know you see my daughter growin up and bad as ever
But she cool 'cause she do whatever daddy tell her
And your wife she's still the most wonderful woman
I just built her a new house she ain't runnin from nothin
B and Slim them niggas still love me like they own child
Ms. Rose nerves get bad but still she gon' smile
And me I'm on some  and some debate it
But I know they love it way more than they hate it
And I know you probably laughin at the way I treat these hoes and these bitches
I try love 'em my BM be trippin
But Rabbit you know one thing I got the game from you every perspective
That's why I keep the gun at close connection for protection
And you see I left school behind and chose CMB
It was impossible on the road every week but I know enough
And I follow by everything you ever told me think wisely
Watch over me my nigga just guide me



I swear to you man at some times I really wish I was with you
'Cause I get fed up with this life and I miss you
Somebody pass me a tissue and let me wipe the tears from my eyes
Yeah nigga I cried it's 'cause I loved you dog
I promise I won't ever put nothin above you dog
So I live my life in dedication of you dog
I know you see me happy on the outside and hurt within
Make me wanna grab that gun and burst again
But I know they got a reason why I'm here
And I know they got a reason why you gone
And therefore I'm succeedin on my own
But you ain't never left me nigga you still dwell in my heart
I can't forget you kept it real from the start
And until my last breath I exhale I'm a keep you with me
And when we do meet again I'm a keep you with me
And tell them niggas Pac lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Fuck Man I been on this block all day
Hot ?? my shirt Hot
Boy that look like Baby
That aint Baby
That is that nigga
Let's go


Say Lil One

One Whats happenin' with you big dog

Look I need to talk bout some serious shit

Like what? Look I aint have nothin' to do with killin'

Slow down I'm talking bout some get money shit an how its gonna go down

Well holla at me nigga Talk to me Let me know somethin'
Cause right now I'm tired of husltin And these rocks aint doin' nothin'
And to tell you the truth I feel like I be out here for the fun of it
I swear if I don't hit a lick by next month I'm done with it

I understand But you ain't listenin' you just talkin'
I said I could get you paid Is you with that offer?
I know you see me comin' thruogh everyday pimpin'
In a Benz the Jag and a Ferari

Yea But I like that Bentely

All thats cool shorty You can get this if you with me
Let me run it down to ya bout this shipment I'm gettin' in

I mean I'm sayin' it sound good I like that

What thats a blunt?

Yea

Light that Nigga I'll be right back

Aight cat Don't be playin' This worth my while?

Lil daddy I play with hoes Is you a hoe?

Nah

Say I got work I need to flood it all over
I can't do it all myself So I need me a Lil solider
I been peepin' ya Lil ass I see you grindin' an shit

I been peepin' you to Nigga I see you shinin' an shit
An you don't even know how long I been tryin' to find me a brick
To make it flip and take the chips and go an buy me a whip

Fuck a whip That could wait
You worry bout your cake
Once you make enough to play
Go buy a Z-28

A Z-28 
Boy go head Once I get change 
I'mma go an cop me a Range or two platinum chains

Well look I ain't fuckin' with ya
You to young from the start

Man that aint even got anythnig to do with it
Its dedication and heart

Dedication and smarts
Don't put your heart in this game
Cause when you fall to deep in love you get caught in this game

Well correct me when I'm worng 
And acknowlegde me when I'm right

Lil bitch If ya hard head ass listen I might

B I'm all ears

Get yo ass in this car

Unlock the door

Its unlocked

Don't holla at me
You ain't my pa

Now stop playin' Look I got a hundred bricks just came
50 ki's of raw dope and 50 bricks of cocaine
Pays 5 a piece

Every week

Just move it together
I'mma knock off my Lil section
You take care of ya area

Ughhh Nigga I been waitin' to be the Don round here
I'mma have Coke and Dope 
Its gone be on round here
But how you want me to sell this
Zones Quaters Halfs Ki's

However they ask for it Just give it to them Lil Weezy

I'm all for it cousin
I'mma get me a million
If power get between it I'mma split me a nigga

You better But when I get you this shit nigga
Let them have it
I bet you be on the block workin' Directin' traffic

Like you park here You park there lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Big Tymers Unplugged)




We have them bitches like it was unplugged
Its Weezy Wee Mannie Fresh and Unplugged
We have them bitches like it was unplugged
Weezy Fresh and Unplugged



Give me a big fine bitch in a dress
One put them lips in effect
Suck the dick 'til the shit in her chest
You can piss on her brest
I like that shit
Project hoes like that dick Don't bite that dick
Give me a Spanish sweet hoe
Black from Puerto Rico
Freak ho Specialize in givin' me deep throat
Really dont care how short how plump short or thick
Give me head Don't care Swallow cum don't spit
Aww shit I like them Jamicians and them Hatians
Niggas can't take it when they shake an make me rape 'em
White girl's I video tape 'em and they enjoy it
They love it when everybody saw it
Its off tha chain
High yellow Mexican bitches they all for brain
But watch them hoes who want the change
Its not a game
Or short cuban hoe With a fat ass though
An I'll keep the bitch just like Fidel Castro



Tell me what you like
Let me tell you what I like
You goin' on an breakin' me off by the end of the night
You can ride with me
Cause I like ya Simmon's jeans
Ain't tryin' to make a love scene
Truly I just want you to break me off



Weezy the hottest
Drinkin' Barcadi
I stream through the scene on a Lincon on Robbers
Lookin' for the finest dime To wine and dine
Later on I'm tryin' to climb behind ya spine
Hold up lil mama Slow ya ass down
Pick it up Throw ya ass down
Now throw ya ass around
An scream me name 
I can't hear you say it louder what (Wayne Wayne)
A damn shame
Better watch that boy he nasty
I strap on a plastic
Break ya off like elastic
Put the dick in the middle Make it wiggle for ya'll
Might be small But that dick ain't little at all
I like a short thick broad Fat ass an shit
Like Taso flip like Trina The Baddest Bitch
Matter of fact when I see her Pull her Over like a cop
Juve coulda Backed It Up an I woulda Dropped It Like Its Hot
Ha Ha Ya heard me
Ha Ha Unplugged





I like them big round yellow and brown
A bitch that take it from the back and make the  sound
Now you can bounce slide drop giddy up giddy up
Now you can ride til you feel it hit a nut hit a nut
Bounce for ya hood Shake for ya baby daddy
Twerk for that nigga who got you pregnant in the Caddy
Slide with the KY Hold up ???
My bitch got thong You bitch got drawls
My chick like to swallow Yo chick like to spit
If yo chick was my chick I'd still love that bitch
Hold up Chill out Wait a minute stop
My Ginseng Viagra and a Strawberry pop
See I'm feelin' kinda bold Why don't ya bring a friend
From vigina to the asshole do it again
I want a yucky down misses bout whatever
Yo mama loved a Tymer lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Look look look - don't play with me
Look look look
Huh? Huh? Look
Let's get the pistols out the trunk let's get ready to bust things
Leave a nigga block full of nothin' but guts brains
Ain't no way nowhere that these niggas could duck flames
My guns up for and tellin' all to suck Wayne
I'm runnin' with a clique that just be thuggin' heavy
Plus I'm runnin' in them bricks cook it cut it sell it
One time for my daddy Rabbit up in Heaven
Ever since my nigga died I've been strapped up and ready
Come and get it - it's Wheezy Whee the hottest ever
Now this fella gon' get bullets inside his sweater
I'm just terror or better yet horror or drama
And tomorrow I'ma hit the block and barrow your momma
Beef with me you're swimmin' in water with sharks and piranhas
Revolvers and choppers got all your partners callin' the coppers
And for the grand finale I might pull up in a tan Denali
When I hop out in my hand is a Calico sprayin' your family


Don't play with me - I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood then split your hood
You bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
And I pop my gun
Better hide and run


What is this that done got me in your district? Twist it
Now everybody got dots on they heads like Egyptians
I'm tipsy - I've been sippin' on that Hennessy people
Then it get deeper I start shootin' up innocent people
Seventeen creeper is who I - what I - be dog
The clip slide in the four-five then it blow five
In heat dog? It's your life or me dog
On four tires or feet dog
I still be on the block sweepin'
Nobody is not sleepin'
Got me in all black with a gun in a palm
Run in his home start shootin' hit his son in the dome
Dummy it's on - ain't gon' be no relaxin' and stuff
cause when I come through mashin' the truck I'm blastin' a pump
and passin' a blunt - me circle wants to see if he dead
Gotta be sure cause niggas promised me a ki if he dead
But dog you get it raw if you are with the kid
I'll push your baby momma car off the bridge
Huh?!


Bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run


You might catch me with bandanas and strapped T
On the back street of your block in the back seat
I'ma cap three at the first coward I up and see
I'ma bust the piece and knock his body a couple of feet
When I rush your front door you get a few to your stomach
Hope they dress you up nice because your funeral Sunday
Nigga shouldn't've played tough - wouldn't've got his head bust
Now your whole livin' room is full of pink and red stuff
Now you're gatted up full of that vodka and weed - add it up
Fresh platted up your T-shirt all tatted up
Crack in the tongue of my kicks
Plus I got a gun on my hip and I'm runnin' the strip
I know you see me: Little Wheezy killaholeezy
A hundred rounds from the chopper leave 'em real sleepy
You know how we be smellin' weedy up in our clothes
Cutthroatin' connivin' killers but that's all I know
Huh? Huh? Huh?


Bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood then split your hood
Nigga bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me - boy I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me - boy I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me
Look lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Dawg you gotta feel me on this one
What it be like dawg I'm on some some adope grown up type shit
look who I be around nigga look who I been around nigga
Geezy Juve and turk B and Slim dawg pay attention dawg


Age is nothing but some digits nigga trust me on this
Cas I think I speak for every one when I say life is a bitch
I ride D L into the C L Gun right in my grip
I slip a clip in every rip cas hatas likely to trip
Come home to my future wife and every night she'll flip
She end up catching rights to her lips behind diapers and shit
But I like me a spliff drink ?? without ice when I'm pissed
Go to the club and start a fight thinking I'm Tyson and shit
But I'm a man so I'm able to handle my situations correctly
And I know I might be young but niggas gone defiantly respect me
But in the meanwhile I'm fighting gun charges in court
And in a couple of weeks our next tour about to start
Its like I'm living happy now
except for the fact my daughter saying I love you daddy now
And that kinda juice me up
and I smoke about 3 blunts and puff a cooler bust me up
And say a prayer for everyday
just so I get through the stuff but I be like


Ahhhh man it's complicated doing everything on your own man
being responsible for everybody and yo own man
and when u feel like everything is going wrong man
I'm gone stand cos I am a GROWN MAN


I try to keep my head up lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Baby Hot Boys)




What wha wha wha wha
What wha wha wha wha
Cash Mo-ney Millionairs
So take it there


Yellow Viper yellow Hummer Yellow Benz
Yellow PT Cruiser yellow 'Lac on rims
Drop yellow 'Vette and a platinum Rolls Royce
That's seven different cars everyday I got a choice
On my way to pick up Joyce she be makin me moist
Givin me head while she hummin she can play with her voice
And she got nice thighs a big plump ass
She could ride a dick too make me come fast
I like them modelin bitches I love them swallowin bitches
Where them hoes there they at I'm 'bout to follow them bitches 
I know you with your folks but that nigga is broke
You might as well open your legs up and let a nigga poke
I'm a show you what it is not to be a window shopper
Mama you can have Fendi mama you can have Prada
All you gotta do is break a nigga off proper
You could be with your man I ain't tryna stop ya


 from my head down to my shoes
 skiiiiirtin on twenty-two's
 check my baby mama
 whip Rover's not Honda's
 I'm a spend it 'til it's gone
 don't know when I'm comin home
 pop X and drank Cris'
 My life is the shit


Baby named me fire Wayne ice and change
You can catch me in an aqua Range squattin things
With them twenty-two inch chopper blades
Diamond face diamond brace
More colors than the game Simon Says
Go 'hind me
And mami on forty-fifth she told me 
But she ain't like too much of dick
But gave bombest head and so I took it anyway
But bitch I got family get your pussy anyway
OK let's talk about this ice that I'm carryin
All these karats like I'm a fuckin vegetarian
Niggas play I bury them y'all already knowin
I threw up my arm and bitches thought it started snowin
See I'm a keep it goin Big Tymin you heard's me?
Dog I got cake like everyday my birthday
Wait I don't think they heard me
I say dog I got cake like everyday my birthday




I'm a Hot Boy that's name brand and top of the line
Ride fly daily all year 'round I shine
Ain't a nigga and they mama gonna stop me dog
Come through on dub-dueces they jock me dog
Glock cocked for haters tryna block me dog
Catch 'em so low they geezy don't shock me dog
Well get the fuck slide on out the way
And let B.G. ease down the shinin linen
Let the diamonds and the jewelry light shit up
Each piece of jewelry I own I ice it up
You don't wanna put your vehicle next to us
'Cause all of our vehicles we dress 'em up
With television Dreamcast DVDs
Nice sounds buttons it's twenties
I'm a Cash Money Hot Big Tymer nigga
That'll hold a pinky finger up and blind ya nigga




I'm a stunt 'til I die so you better respect it
'Cause whoever try testin is gonna be restin
I'm a young millionaire Hot Boy Lil' Turk
Bling blingin everyday plus I got work 
Nigga like me stay in the cut twenty-four/seven
Steady stackin my ends on dubs twenty-four/seven
Every car you wish you had we got it we got it
Bentleys Hummers and Jags big bodies big bodies
Love to floss no secret stun'ner's
Niggas steady baller block can't take nothin from us
Young nigga livin a life surrounded by ice
Hoes be like "Damn them boys they're nothin nice"
They on fire that must be them Hot Boys
You muthafuckin right you think this not girl?
Better think twice get it right dog
Know you recognize lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








We gone make 'em:


Jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jump
Jiggy jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jive
Jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jump
Jiggy jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jive


I tell 'em no lie
I blow by wit the Bentleys wit the O eyes
I low-ride cuz these 20 inch rims just make it so hot
You know I been had Twinkie look at the pinky
And the link be all the way down to the nuts diamonds twinklin'
They think you need to stop they say it's not called for
It's such a small car for it cost more than a ballpark
See my life is high priced a lot a room a lot a bling
My ice is like Andrew Dice "Ba-Da-Boom Ba-Da-Bing"
I'm tryin' to see flying in a Lamborghini 
Wit your girl right beside me in a tan bikini 
Cut the music down and tell her 
Plus I'm hot and got more iceberg than damn Bananeeie
And I'm just a teenager and I make this dough
Pull out my bankroll and Bill Gates still broke
And I keep it on a hush but I'm richer than normal
And a frost bit wrist have me sniffin' the carpet


Jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jump
Jiggy jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jive
Jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jump
Jiggy jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jive


You know pistol on my side fully loaded
I drive slowly wit televisions watching Kobe
Pull over by some broad; make her hop right in a blow me
And suck a nigga drive then its  
Have you heard about shorty be Iceberged out
Got them birds real affordable so get the word out
And you still can see the grill wit the lights burn out
Nothin' lil' about the wheels on my bright orange drop
I'm thuggin' and pimped out flossin' and glissed out
Sit my arm in warm water I'm throwin' my wrist out
Got quarters in this house ki's in that van
Got ounces in her ride and G's in that bag
Shhh You hear that here come Weezy on his way in a platinum leer jet
We gamblin' nigga bet bet nigga disrespect and he get dampled and wet
Whole goddamn family get trampled wit that
I make 'em:


Jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jump
Jiggy jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jive
Jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jump
Jiggy jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jive

Alright I bounce for the 17 and jump for the Grover
Just put TV's and bump in the Rover
Slump the bitch over cum on her shoulder
Bet I make the slut eat it up like yogurt
Wrists is ferocious dick just bogus
Fuck a hoe watch she come back like a chorus
Life on Ann Deloris met her in a ??
She like to snort coke you should see the size of her nose is
We really the ones controllin' no choices
And we got Guns and Roses Rolls Royces
Beefin' ain't fake not to mention 
all our rides are dubbed like blank tapes
I really think my jewelry and lights have somethin' in common 
Cuz everytime you put them bitches on they start shinin'
The shit is mind blowin'
As a matter of fact I got a bitch that's mind blowin'
She give my head a blow job I guess she's mind blowin'


Jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jump
Jiggy jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jive
Jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump jump
Jiggy jump jiggy jiggy jump jiggy jump lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









What?!
What?!!
Look-
Okay let's cut the crap
I'm straight gangsta - forget the rap
I only stick with that 'cause my ma don't wan' see me flip the crack
And I'm quick to click and spit the gat
I be dipped in black
Sip the Coke mixed with Jack - Calico clip to match
Like: where them cats who trippin' at? - Point niggas out
'cause right now I'm full of that spinach that'll knock Lennox out
The Mack-10 is out as well as the gauge and the pump
You turn the page on the newspaper see my face in the front
I lock it down for all my niggas that still caged in the dump
So if I come nigga just save me a blade and a pump
I'm raised in the slum where the bad grow
Unlike no other I'm real  like bag 'Bauds
I stash O's in the drawers of my trash hoes
I flash dough at the laws when they pass slow
I mash low in a stolen hot RAV-4
The Macks blow bullet holes for my cash flow
Is that so?


I don't think you realize what's happenin' dog
That lil' boy's 'bout to come 'round here blastin' at y'all
If you don't get the hell when he swervin' by
That's your issue - God bless ya - you deserve to die


Look
Which one of these niggas playin' with me?
I'ma strap up and slam his parent's street
When I blast bullets spit faster than MC Hammer beats
I be damned if he get a chance to sleep
I clamp the magazine in my gun and cut his family tree
I flash the piece at your lil' woman and make her dance for me
Then jam the freak with a broom - blood leak from her panty crease
There has to be some explanation for this insanity
Yeah y'all niggas faker than that boy 
Now give me the dank
Niggas claim they want war when I suggest you live in a tank
What's your kid gonna think?
Come home and find your wig in the sink
I dig in the bank and pull out eighty then cruise to Haiti
For fifty G's I get ten ki's and straight out weight it
I lock my area down - you can ask these boys
They know Wheezy got more white than the Backstreet Boys
Never catch me  without them plastic toys
It get drastic boy
Niggas that's askin' for it
Wheezy nigga
It's Wheezy nigga
Who? Wheezy nigga
It's Wheezy nigga


I don't think you realize what's happenin' dog
That lil' boy's 'bout to come 'round here blastin' at y'all
And if you don't get the hell when he swervin' by
That's your issue - God bless ya - you deserve to die


I hope y'all niggas understand that I ain't playin' or jokin'
Bust shots make you think the Grand Canyon open
Leave a busta bandana smokin' from hot hollows
Me and my niggas flip your coke then cop hot hoes
Two pistols desperado gun busta
Pump one under your chest and knock a lung from ya
Hung under them killers and duck the pigs
And all of our diamonds shine and our trucks are big
And nigga I don't really care if I don't sell a million quick
'cause right now I'll quit and go and sell a million bricks
I sticks to what I love and that's the street
And stay away from what I hate and that's police
And I keep a trigga somewhere on me to start blowin'
And leave a nigga somewhere lonely with his heart showin'
When we all knowin' that Wheezy have never been fake
The metal will spray and let the bullets tear up your face
Who is Wheezy nigga?
Who is Wheezy nigga?
Wheezy nigga
Lil Wheezy nigga


Say I don't think you realize what's happenin' dog
That lil' boy's 'bout to come 'round here blastin' at y'all 


It's Wheezy nigga - Lil Wheezy nigga
Don't tangle it nigga
It's time to step down lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Come on come on
Come on come on come on come on
Ain't nothin' nice or sweet 
They don't even much understand this 
Look- 
Now when I crawl up out the Rove' I got quarters and O's
Forty-fours under my clothes - I'm drunk and blow
And I done told them boys if they play I dump their mothers
Now they findin' niggas everyday slumped in gutters
I come through on the block strapped bumpin' Bubba
for the summer in a bright orange pumpkin Hummer
 from the Courvoisier and lots of hay
And make me run in your place and take your pops away
See they got niggas in my hood who can't cop the yay
So I can get it understood and have you chopped today
And not to say I could even hit your block and spray
And try to knock all the bone structure out your face
Stick a potato on the head of my nine - it's deadly quiet
Leave a nigga redder than swine you damn pig
The plan is to take everything and kill 'em all
Young or old nigga big or small
Ain't nothin' nice


Ain't nothin' nice around here stupid
Keep playin' you won't see next year stupid
And in the van there's a box in the back full of plenty of tools
And when you see me on the block I come to give 'em the blues


Look-
Now we all do dumb things
Playin' with Wayne doesn't have to be one of 'em
I'll murder his father right in front of him
None of 'em are ready for the trouble I'm 'bout
Pull up in a bubble hop out then let a couple pop out
I got two double Desert Eagles bustin' at your peoples
Cussin' at polices and roughin' up your nieces
 off the meters
Don't leave without the heaters
Believe this my nina's got more shelves than Adidas
You see the slick jackin' believe it's glocks and millimeters
Run up on your family and pop your senioritas
A lot of Hennessy - just twist that lil' baby
Damn them hollow tips just missed that lil' baby
This is definitely step to me get a hysterectomy
Technically I'll murder anyone who disrespectin' me
Seventeen Carollton - mess with me I bury one
Three-eighty - I carry one
Come to kill up everyone
What!




Everybody freeze and drop when Lil Wheezy cop
And niggas be like Q-tip 'cause they breathin' stop
Believe or not the ki's ten G's 
Until I die I pullin' ego that be's the block
And he's so hot that four hundred degrees the spot
And weed and vodk' got me wanna beat a cop
I grease the glock the scope with the beam and dot
And I'm hangin' out the Beamer top releasin' shots
Follow me - everybody in the family die sourly
Niggas drop hourly - ruinin' your economy
Liquor power me now there's nothin' that can bother me
Creep up in your window while you're sleepin' take your child with me
I'm wild and Wheezy more violent than Dennis Rodman
Slide up in a blue truck and shoot-up a whole lot of men
A lot of heat a lot of fire lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









It's gravy nigga. Believe it. 
You hot? Fuck it. Hot as a firecracker. 
 I got a mac in this bag. 
 What you got? Glock. 


Nigga I'ma tell ya straight off the bat
I got a mac in this bag with 20 grams of crack
And I'ma sit in the back seat of yo' 'Lac
Just in case I gotta snap a firette to the chest
If I don't know shit I know cars and broads
I done ordered plenty hits and watched heads come off
And I done saw my nigga get life behind them bars
To them dog hoes nigga we scream 
I hustle hard in these city streets
I got my block on fire with my HB's
Spinnin' Benz in these drop tops double r
Cook a brick flip 'em up now I got 'em hard
And you can find me 
Right up in them hallways holdin' and totin'
Got the whole motherfuckin block loaded and smokin'
Nigga know one thang: its some uptown shit
If a nigga get it fucked then we killin' a bitch


Nigga I'ma tell ya this straight off the bat
I got a mac in this bag with 20 grams of crack
Well let's go nigga see we can slide nigga
Cuz if you hot then I'm hot let's ride nigga
Look I'ma tell you this straight off the top
I got a blunt and a glock and a bag of rocks
Let's go nigga let's slide nigga
If you hot then I'm hot let's ride nigga


Better pay attention now so you don't forget later
I run the damn block I oversee all of the paper
Don't make me take ya play ya
I cock the glock and spray ya
Call it a caper won't be no as-salama-laka
And J he got the gauges they cocked and ready
Make me run up in ya places and pop ya daddy
Got them bricks rocked and heavy let it be known
I cook it hard and cut 'em in zones and the money be gone
Then I hit a blunt to the dome and ride when night falls
Supply the white raw if there's a problem knock ya wife off
Lock the spot down
Respect it young nigga I'm creepin' over
Now cut it with just a little bakin' soda breakin' boulders
I take it out my holster and bakin' soldiers whenever
Nigga it's whatever tell ya ma to call the reverend
You see me on the block with crack gats and weed
Rats plats and ki's that's practically me




See I'm a hustler cut-throat put rhymes in mom's muffler
You can't even count how many times the 9's bust at ya
Some of the niggas that you run with are suckas bruh
None of ya won't leave without some bullets up in ya
Niggas can't hold me down wodie wild
Cuz all that they can hear is loud screamin' and explosive sounds
They show me how to cook that brown and rock that white
No school put that book back down pick up that knife
See that's the real reason I hate to be on tour
I'd rather be back on the block with a bird of that pure
Niggas got it all wrong thinkin' I'm all song
But yall gon' twist it and end up all gone
Dog-gone cocksuckers you not thuggers
I pop dozens of glocks cousins in my struggle
So stop frontin' it ain't gon' get ya everywhere
I'ma start bustin' lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Act a ass wit it back ya ass wit it 
Act a ass wit it back ya ass wit it
Act a ass wit it back ya ass wit it


You know them hoes love Weezy
Sticky pimp small long hair big dick
Weezy bring to y'all
Don't y'all lip quit 
Put your lips on this dick
Let me get on some livin'
Spit all over ya chin
Weezy be on some pimp shit
I see 'em peep 'em meet 'em beep 'em
Later on if she ride
G 'em freak 'em by the weekend she be fuckin' the squad
I ain't got no loves for broads 
I ducks and dodge 
I grab 'em on they butts and all
She fucks my dog
Slut sucks nuts and all
And nothin' small
This dick make 'em hit the floor and touch the wall
Call my hoes to get salami cuz they brush the balls
Let Weezy bust they jaws
Never have no picks and chooses
Cuz I hits and lose 'em
And go to the hotel and switch for ruggy
Like a hot spicy fire project girl ta duck wit me
I'm so gangsta pussy chick don't wanna fuck wit me




Titty bop drop it like it's hot
Make it fall slow
Now walk wit me shake a leg catch the wall hoe
Ya gotta back ya ass wit act a ass wit
Gotta back ya ass wit act a ass wit


A c'mon tear it down catch the wall
Get naked show me some 
Tear that dick down bitch start all over again
And work your jumpin'


Ya gotta back ya ass wit it act a ass wit it
Ya gotta bend ya ass wit it act a ass wit it


That's right act a fool bitch
Do what you do hoe
After I finish don't get up gotta let Weezy go
You get your props your pussy fire girl you a pro
So when I'm speakin' I'm creepin' and come get some mo'
You better recognize you better realize
This is the nigga Geezy I ain't nothin' nice
Love when you reach out grab stuff it straight your mouth
Start suck it 'til that middle come out
Ride me  put that dick inside you 
After that wiggle your ass and make that juice move
I'ma donkey  better yet a veteran  
At the same time I can fuck you and your best friend
The Number 1 Stunna Baby you wit me
Bump in my head never let a bitch play me
Always get the tec nigga fuck 'em all
Wrap a chain 'round ya neck and walk it like a dog




Titty bop drop it like it's hot
Make it fall slow
Now walk wit me shake a leg catch the wall hoe
Ya gotta back ya ass wit act a ass wit
Gotta back ya ass wit act a ass wit


A c'mon Tear it down catch the wall 
Get naked and show me somethin'
Put that dick down bitch start fuckin'
And do your jumpin'


Ya gotta back ya ass wit it act a ass wit it
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it act a ass wit it


See now when Lil Wayne put that dick down
Biznites can't even walk or even sit down
Wipe your mouth off and let me hit now
That Rum got me feelin' real good
The dick hard like real wood
I put it in slow and work it real good
This Lil nigga have a lot a sex
So do me slow get out the Prada dress
Come when you wanted to like private jets
I'm on blast ma' why you take it slower than its fast time
Flip ya back over make that ass right
Weezy make ya suck it then taste
That's how the pimp play
Make her friend eat me in this bitch up like shrimp plates
Bounce it in and put a rollin' on A.I. fish black
I got 2 more 'nites is you wit that
Fuck it let's go when we pop out Lil Moe 
Drop the top part of the 'Dro
Later on I'm touchin' the throat bare wit it 
Where them hot girls that like that nasty shit
Make'em act a ass wit it back ya ass wit it




Titty bop drop it like it's hot
Make it fall slow
Now walk wit me shake a leg catch the wall hoe
Ya Gotta back ya ass wit act a ass wit
Ya Gotta back ya ass wit act a ass wit


A c'mon tear it down catch the wall
Get naked show me some 
Tear that dick down bitch then start fuckin' 
And do your jumpin'


Ya gotta back ya ass wit it act a ass wit it
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Check
Huh
What?
What?
Let's go nigga (Where you at Wheezy?)

You liable to catch me speedin' up the six or beatin' up a chick 
or standin' over a stove sweatin' heatin' up a brick
And we keep the hustlin' slick and got clips like bananas
We twist the bandanas and spit at niggas with cannons
We ran in habitats with masks and plastic gats
Stormin' through the house screamin' 
I flash the Mack in front of your gal and make her tell
Like "Slut! Where's the yay or I'ma pop one in your grill!"
It's Lil Wayne nigga - blast and bang triggas
Pay with my change then I'm gon' have to bang niggas
I bag the caine quicker and sprinkle like rain nigga
Flood the av quick with the quarters and halves nigga
If you out you can find me on the street with the work
If it's a drought you can find me on the street with the work
Never slip - I empty half a clip deep in your shirt
And put your whole clique deep in the dirt
Smell me?


Who wan' beef with 'em?
Who wan' creep with 'em?
And when it comes down to guns nigga I sleep with 'em
See we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em
And when it comes down to drugs I'm on the streets with 'em


I'm the youngest Hot Boy on the field with heaters
Let my nine-millimeters kill your peoples
Bust up in your house and put the gun to lil' Renita
Give me the yay or else I'ma put her in her sneakers
Wow (wow wow) you can catch me in all black with no smile
Me Turk G'z and ouch - chicka-POW!
How come these niggaz keep burnin the world
and why the hell this nigga Weezy keep firmin your girl?
Turnin the wheel on the orange and teal Bentley drop
Then I'ma put that up and hop in the van and hit your block
Tell your mom to get the cops cause y'all gon' need 'em
When you see them bullets that my glock pop y'all gon' eat 'em
See this for all my niggaz in the pen I hope for freedom
And this for all my niggaz buyin bricks I got 'em cheaper
Keep a nigga quiet as a mouse when I come
Wayne #1 Hot Boy hot as the sun - ya smell me?




Nasty case nigga run up in your crib crash the place
Blast the face automatic attach to waist
You bastards play? Then it get awful and bad
There will be no more walkin for dad and it's off with your head
A nigga either gon' get it right or they get it at night
And when they spit it lick his ass twice like 20 damn dice
Henny and ice is what I prefer but light on the rocks
I pack them clips tight on them glocks and light up your blocks
And if there's coke involved then your throat's involved
I get the toaster and roll up and smoke most of y'all
Me and my nigga Super Sosa run up in your crib
while your grandma watchin Oprah jag her up and rope her
If you wan' grudge chances slim like Ethiopia
If you want drugs I got more flavors than Fruitopia
Recognize it's real and nuttin udder than that
Cause one from the mac'll have blood coverin your back lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Let's go - let's go
Let's go - let's go
They can't fuck with me now
Huh? Fuck with me now
No they can't fuck with me now
Can't fuck with me now
Let's go


I go by 
Magnificent nigga lot of ice around my neck and freezin' the arm
And if a nigga decide to test their chest get completely took off
And if you wonder who the fuck 
 we so sip
It's like ain't nothin' but we gotta squab
On the block everyday sellin' rocks and shit
Choppin' bricks - give the damn cops a dick
We cop a whip and drop a brick - that's how we do it
Weed liquor money and guns how we do it
Freak bitch to swallow cum like fluid
Who it be? Through his feet Dubbs
Ain't nothin' sweet 'cause I can't keep trust
Lil' nigga - worth well over a mill nigga
Real nigga - come around and show up where you live nigga
Pullin' out the K's nigga -  and all
Wayne 'bout to damage your home
Nigga 'bout to go to see the man in the stars
Hoppin' out the van with bandanas and all
Cannons went off
News cameras takin' pictures of your family when your avenue's gone
Damn it's a shame how the bullets slammed in your brain
How the ice slammed the pain rammin' your dame
That's because she ran into the game
Nigga stop playin' with Lil Wayne
Come on!

 
It ain't a game nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
and the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Uh fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
No! They can't fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya


Iceberg Shorty -  pants is saggin' forty magnum
Comin' out the club on Bacardi's staggerin'
Ten in the Ferrari wagon braggin'
Ohh what's happenin'?
 'round the court 'cause some ex just looked at me
Runnin' with them cats that be clappin' the plastic
Nigga put a cap in your asses
Catch me on the av with the crack and a 'matic
Hopin' that the law don't pass me - stash it
First of the month just snatched me a package
Bag it - 'bout to get this motherfucker crackin'
If a nigga think about jackin' please believe
I be clip-slappin' click-clackin'
Pull the bitch back and run up on his parents
Kidnap for his snacks and then whack him
Shit get drastic
That's why I try to stay as fars away from beef as I could
Grab me a freak to ease on my wood
Transport coke from each of my hoods
Wheezy Whee - CMB's in my blood
In the streets seventeen's where I'm from
And I ain't got no feelins for none of these womens
Really though fetticheese is my love
You know the streets made me
And I don't give a damn if you hate me
Nigga better be S-Q-A-D
Until the bigger man do take me
Squad shit!
You don't want no violence to keep the quiet
We call my people wild and then we beef in quiet
or we'll creep in houses we'll sweep your momma
So please stay out it or you leave in silence
Come on! What!

 
It ain't a game nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
and the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Uh fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Uh they can't fuck with me now them can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya
Uh fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Uh they can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
Come on!


It's too dark for ya's
I ain't got no love for ya's
Let gunshots smoked ya's
Who fuck with us?
Weed liquor done corrupted us
Wet a nigga like umbrellas
Take the woman out a man; stomach out a man
Pump and bust the guts comin' out a man
Runnin' out the Hummer with guns in each palm
If the motherfucker sleep call him come get it
Niggas be kiddin' - me awake deal away
gun-spray - bullets damn near took off your son face
Oh shit - niggas on that whole shit
Fours spit so quick like that lil' nigga ain't got no sense
Slow this shit down - let me get back down to reality:
I cause fatalities for any technicality
Wipe off your family randomly - ya understand?
It ain't no motherfuckin' game and I ain't fuckin' playin'
Come on!

 
It ain't a game nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
and the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Ah fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Uh they can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya
Ah fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Them can't fuck with me now - ah they can't fuck with me now
Look-
It ain't a game nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
and the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Ah fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
They can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya
Ah fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Them can't fuck with me now - no they can't fuck with me now


Can't fuck with me now - it's not a game nigga
Can't fuck with me now - it's not a game nigga
Wha wha uh uh lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Bright thing on my hand saying 
I got your girl doing a handstand 
Cop them 28-inch Birdman's 
Y'all dues money to ya
Bright thing on my hand saying 
I got your girl doing a handstand 
Cop them 28-inch Birdman's 
Big thighs with brown-eyes


It's Lil Weezy for real
Only Cash Money Hot Boy that stood still
I got a good deal
I'm from a trill hood
I smoke real good
Slide on them skinnies in the bike with an ill hood
Pipes rally stripes and fog lights
T-shirt white three stripes with all ice
What that boy name
Birdman junior huh
Fool was smile but five is so wild
I can smoke a green mile
Got a chrome need a Rolls shined up for you baby
Bling-blow I rock a throwback Jordan 23
Rolling on hot 23's
Tote a big glock 23
You're looking at the seventeen ward of New Orleans
My block living me
I want you to look hard at some easy money
Stop playing this is Weezy company
Uh-huh




I'm the son of Cash Money
The fodd of the squad
And Baby bout to buy me a house in the sky
Cuz I'm so fly
When my feet touch the ground sometimes I gotta ask myself why
Coupe kinda wide but I move sorta quick
Looking for my roof where it went
Mink on the floor big shoes on the bed
Windows are the tint more wood than a bench
Working in the hood more green than the Grinch
Please don't play cuz I'm connected like Sprint
Ladies on the tray popping up the back-end
Peppermint leather with a feather in my brim
It's Lil Weezy
Sucking on my wrist real breezy
And this is what I say when you see me
Look and leave your broad at home she get took
Cuz I'm a player hold the game by the book




Some call me Weezy
But hoes holla look at Lil Wayne
In that booger-green lay like should've been Mace
Sweet do speak when I should've put trays
Forget it I'ma slam it on bubba-bubba-blaze
So move over what you say shortie
We could do rent pussy
Normally I wouldn't but beating through the Texas
And beating went to the A
Eat with desert fey
But yeah I'm on my way
Cuz I know he got that hay
Hey little mami
You a ghetto fire tin
You come to my post on the island
Come on that chronic
He-he empty vodka bottles
I be high he be drunk that my roll model
I rolls by you with my seat reclining
When I stop rims don't keep spinning they keep shining
Money don't stop keep spinning and keep grinding
Cash Money what you hollering lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Ladies and gentlemen
This one goes out to that little kid that got fried Spam for lunch
I feel for you I'm with you I'm with you brother
And this one right here is for that ghetto girl with the bad perm
That just burn baby burn baby burn
Pop open a malt liquor
Smoke something until your scalp gets killed


Gangstas and pimps
Love lobsters and shrimps
Kool-Aid and chicken
Flashy things and women
All I need
Is Remy and weed
Somebody not afraid
To go some for my Escalade


I'm just pimping
Baby you got a rule for me
Put your mink on and slide in a cool for me
Hey you gotta get high and go low for me
It's Cash Money young money never know money
It's 500 Degreez it's not fool
But it and the dro got me so scummy
And to drum hole a whole hundred
Can I put a whole hundred in your whole tummy
Hehe man Weezy's a legend
You can tell by the bottom of my sleeve when you see what's in a bezel
And he be on a level that's so terrific
I'm in this bitch hold your pictures
And hold your bitches cuz she gon want a part of me
Cuz she never see the roof of my car with me
And you never see a tooth without a diamond on it
This is game at its finest homie
Peep it




See I was born from a gangsta
Pa gave me a whip
Ran numbers with pimps and I laid down cents
One of a kind Birdman I shine
22's on it?
The bitch ain't mine
I taught her the game ma
I gave it all to her
Weezy Wee my son I give it all to him

The Birdman junior I'm the son of a stunna


Mannie Fresh
Jazze Phezzy this our summer
500 Degreez got rich off the four
Cadillac slant back cut side elbow
Cadillac smoke dro just me and the ho
Flash from hard times from that coke and dope
Put cars in moms name just to duck white folks
We eat lobster and shrimp
Nigga park that Lambo
I'm a V.I.P. nigga
Pop bottles of Mo
I pray that one day I'll open a better door




Ain't no mountain high enough
To me for cuz I keep on buying fi-fi stuff
And the Eastside where we pump
It's my part of New Orleans
Bleed for ya I'm the heart of New Orleans
Hear you're fucking with a gangsta foe
Hope you never close your eyes I'll bang your ho
All she need is some guidance I'll tame your ho
It's big pimping over here man yeah man
If she looking for a daddy see the lil man
Weezy baby don't fool yourself you need me baby
Easy baby I'm just trying to keep my bread cheesy baby
Slick when I spit shit right
26-inch got a deep-dish ma
Sweet as mami lips when I'm creeping by
Baby gave me wings just to keep me fly
Weezy I lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









I love myself
I love what I am
I love who I is
I love Weezy
Lil girl your man your damn kids love Weezy
You gotta love the nigga just because other nigga
And I don't love other niggaz
But I love other niggaz bitches
I love 20-inches on everything I sit in
I love my nappy hair
I love the shit I wear
You gotta love the squad-ad girl
If she ain't giving love to the whole squad-ad
Get outta here
You people love the shit I pop in your ear
You gon love the shit I do to hip-hop this year
You gonna love when I bring it back to the block this year
I represent the Biggie and 'Pac era; you gotta love me
That I know ma love me just cuz I got a lot of money
But I love that girl too but I love that girl too
I let y'all know me and I would love to know you
Now come on


Everything that I love in this world
Has gotta be the greatest thing in this world if I love it
Cuz I love this I love that I love y'all because
Everything in this world is just love


I know you probably love the bar right
You love to live that big dog life
You love to live just like a young'n Weezy by here
And I love to see you do so
I love my Coupe blow on them deuce-o's
I love a cute ho and you probably love her all right girl
He probably love you all your life I love you all night girl
I love an all white pearls
Six with the two pipes barrel kit
I love to get it cracking in your girl lips
I love to sip from bill
I love to go hard purp-pill
You love that I'm a star and got that work still
Don't get it fucked because I love to work still
And you won't love how the hurt feel
How getting mirked feel
And I love how getting hurt feel
I know you love I got some of it on your shirt ee-yew
I need to treat you
As a matter fact I love to cheat you
Don't call me cool
Hey lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Uh-oh uh-oh
You know how we do it
Weezy and Petey baby
Ya'know
This here is 500 Degreez
Holla at 'em dogg


Cuz I know I ain't dreaming
I swear to God it sound like Petey Pablo on that track with Lil Weezy
Switching it up
Fuck it put them things on the truck
What's the name of y'all jeweler tell 'em freeze me up
Hating me kinky licks talking so much
Lemme give these sons of bitches a reason to keep it talking
You want to
You ain't built to squabble with us
I come to your show with heat homes and run on your bus
I drink your water up
Cool off I'm leaving with something
They leaving you something crop stolen
An asshole heard it
Hip on purpose
Dre I did what you told me
I been acting like I don't hear ya but that shit been working
Keep me a burner
Poison that I grab in the morning
Cuz I know that that's what's gon hold me down on this earth
A real nigga trill nigga pull out and get debated
I keep waiting
I hear your name in the papers


They call me young as Weezy
I'm gon round up the whole uptown
We gon burn this bitch down to the ground
People understand that you're fucking with some motherfucking soldiers
Crazy-ass Petey
I'ma tell a nigga just like this
If you want it boy you sure can get it
You ain't heard
It's Cash Money and that Carolina nigga


They call me gangsta gangsta
Weezy Weezy
Lil Birdman junior
Holla at ya nigga
I fuck around and throw a bottle at you nigga
I'ma big pimp I throw a model at you nigga
Squad-ad squad up throw up the motto at you niggaz
You can mind up I throw a hollow at you nigga
And I'm so high
No I'm too high
But a little work on a few blocks
And I put a few skirts on a few blocks
If you dirt you feel the burst from my fuse box
Oh lordy there nobody like me shortie
I hold Cash Money myself it's me money
Old cats wants to test come see shortie
I got it all hot it in the pocket I'll pop it
I riding in a 'Rarri where the top is in my pocket
That's young Weezy baby




You see it's young Wayne
Game is ashamed and they say he's a pain
He is crazy deranged
Put them blades on his thing
Just like 80 to summer
So when the sun hit it look like Baby or something
So when I come through the ladies praise me or something
Like Weezy's the man
If you be's where he be's then you leaves with a tan
Cuz he's 500 Degreez
I need a fan whew
Cool me off wipe me down
Daddy is back in town
With the back of my Caddy slanted down
And the mack goes +black+ if you ask around
Put some hash in that grass that you pass around
Then I stash a pound by my ave with rounds
I'm a gangsta until they put my casket down
You can ask around
And they tell you like me
There ain't nobody like me
It's Weezy baby




Aiiyo see this is right here is Young Weezy nigga
Don't get it tangled and twisted
I'm in the studio right now nigga
With my boy
My nigga Boo in this bitch
My nigga hot boy album ya'know what I mean
500 Degreez
They all riding with ya boy
Fi-Fi
They gotta feel me
Birdman junior number one stunna my partner
You know the name lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









The streets make the hustlas
Hustlas make the world go round
The world is made of keys ounces and pounds
The keys ounces and pounds is made from hustlas
See how shit come back round for ya
Gotta cop it chop it and cook it
See how shit come back round for ya
Gotta kick in the oven now watch it bubble
And you can knock on my door
But you can't knock the hustle
But I- it's like a game of twenty-one and I got nineteen
And my Jake but I put more 'd' on me
Lil Weezy Wee gon eat that's how it is
Got insurance on the floor man I'm that positive
And I'm shaggy in the saggy lens
Me an my squad in the paddy wagon tally Benz
And you know I put the mags on that
.45 mack with the flash on that
Who want it
Everybody sing along


Now I'ma ride cuz I got riding in my bloodline
And I'ma shine cuz I got shining in my bloodline
I get that dough cuz I got hustle in my bloodline
I bleed concrete


And when I move I move out with the raw
I move out with the squad
To his album we ride we so mob
I throw lives and lowest to live
For my loaf of bread the people's player
I did what the culture said
And I live by the coast of Nostre Cid
Fuck around I'll knock your shoulder from your head
Get it right I'm a soldier till I'm dead
This kid is white with buttonholes inside that bled
I'm pumping o's with lots of hay
I'm so high and really I don't even know why
And oh I just go buy a whole house
And lay my mat down lay her back down
But I never put my mack down
You see the thug in me
You know Weezy he the young son of Bubba-B
Buy my basketball shorts with a thunder B
If you want it then come to me
I'm right here




I'm G'd up
Only follow the code of the streets
Live bad to die good
Know how to move when hustling by the days with no food
But just so I can eat
And ain't it a bitch
And if you see me getting fat I'm probably getting rich
And you probably can see me for some crack before six
And after that it's all bricks
A fake and my palm is wrapped around this eight
And my arm because the dirty south is straight Vietnam
I skate with the bomb
I'm asking you don't play with me at all
Shots hit your ass and make three of y'all
It'll take three of y'all to fill one of my shoeprints
Cuz I did and do shit that's better than new shit
Fit for two clips
The kid is a nuisance
Awww man he's inspired by his own gangsta music
And the Blueprint
Cruising through stoop with the ewe lit
like ooh shit this is more than weed lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









All my niggaz if you with me 
Where you at? 
All my soldiers if you with me
Where you at? 
All my hustlaz if you with me
Where you at? 
Where you at? 
Where you at? Say 
Niggaz if you with me 
Let me hear you say 
Soldiers if you with me
Let me hear you say 
Hustlaz if you with me 
Let me hear you say 
Say say 
Say say 

Aye 
I come and do my thang and hold down my SIDE
Single Street man throw my set up HIGH
Weezy Wee gang call them boys that SQUAD
That Squad...SQUAD UP! YOU KNOW
And WE get a lot of dough on the strength of ME
Get a lot of 'dro for the strength of FEE
Get a lot of blow
But keep that on the D
D what?...DL! YOU KNOW
And OH you don't wanna fuck with a nigga
'Cuz a nigga might fuck with the trigger
Leave a nigga on the FLO'
Truly I don't buck with you nigga
Let my tooly talk talk to you nigga
Bitch man is an itch to a rich man WHOA
'20s on the six with the kicks sitting LOW
Sticky in my swish man gasoline FLO'
Fire spit man Weezy is about to BLOW
YA KNOW!



Aye 
Pass the pine to the pimp old juice killer
Catch your eye in one glimpse old school with the
Ass up high the front dip drip BAM
Mami like DAMN Lil' Wayne STOP PLAYING
Baby I'm a baller I hustle with my father
It's the Birdman and Birdman J.R.
Flip them birds man eighteen grand just order
Eighty-five for half and forty-five for quarter
YEAH! Tity baby put it in the AIR
I'm jumping out this atmoSPHERE 
And I'm jumping in your bitch if she at a PLAYER
Jumping in the painted thing on that Dang-A-Dangs
You see the arm when I pass nigga Bling-A-Ling
You now I'm armed we can mash man it Aint-A-Thing
You know I'm calm but I'm a gorilla Aint-A-Game
I got a banana clip for all you Orang-A-Tangs
LET'S BANG!



Aye 
It's young Weezy cant nothing see me DOG
I get you done easy with one easy phone call
And the sawed off make your arms fall off
Like a short sleeved polo...wont bother me no more
Ice like strobe light...look like I'm moving slo mo'
Probaly look nice on low pro Yokahomas
With '20 inch chromes poking out 'em
Chrissy till the dome tote the ganja 
Redbone in the shower
Hello! Pochahontas give a long stroke poke for hours
Floating vagina oh I'ma holla
So coke and the nanies I'm honest man
Nothing big maybe ounces lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









You gotta walk like a 
Talk like a 
Move like a 
And get it like a 
You gotta walk like a 
Talk like a 
Move like a 
And get it like a 
Because I won't let y'all worry me
I got something chrome that I carry with me
It's Young Weezy Wee y'all ain't scaring me
I'm the seventeen don till they bury me


Eh it go whoa oh me oh my ay ay
I'm H-O-T-B-O-Y ay ay
I'm so fly I'm the Birdman Jaya
Stunting in the gray uh
Shortie play your player
Slick clean hey ya
Fifteen riding with me spray ya
You don't want no drama with me play fa
Keep low or it's murda she wrote pussy nigga
I gotta keep it cooking cuz the streets still hot for a shooking
Plus my late pops still looking
Bust my tray quick if ya hate the pimp
Think it's all big fish I don ate the shrimp
Roll out with the hood cuz I'm so damn street
I rep Hollygrove and Hollygrove rep me
And that's how Weezy Wee be
And y'all gon R-E-S-P-E-C-T me




I'm riding and I'm dolo on my way to the stizzo
Knowing on my waist is the sizzo
Wheezy so hot glock ten and a pistol
Big rims with the tires thin as a pencil
Mami want me cuz I got pimping potential
I stick to my mental
Don't make me stick my fifth to your temple
Forget I'm getting rich for a cent
Bitch I'm coming get you for my baby mama's rent I will flip you
90 on the highway seeing what the whip do
Cops get behind me they want see the whip too
S-Q professor C-M-B alumni
Everybody else fails except the young guy
Don't worry bout Weezy for real nigga I done mine
Got the biggest nuts up in here nigga I swung mine
The streets taught me never to fear nigga I run mine
I can't lose cuz I won mine
Now run yourself




I got five drinks with me
And there be four chunks of dro up in my lung pipe
Three guns
Two bitches
And all I need is one knife
And I bet you don't like
C'mon we only get one life
And if it's done right
Freak a nigga might wife her
You know S-Q galore low chop three striper
I'm just trying to keep paper
Please lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









It's the real shit yeah
500 Degreez this time biotch
Yes sir you already know


You see me? I eat sleep shit and talk snaps; so fuck rap
Man I got weed pills pistols all crack
Bitch niggas where ya hearts at?
Ya'll ain't stuntin' like us
Bitch niggas where ya cars at?
They like 
I'm about to bring CMR back
And all the lames we done lost that
And all we got is Weezy Weezy and Lil' Weezy to fall back
I'm about to lock it from the summer to the fall and back
 The ballers back
And the wheels on my car you got all of that
Stop playing I've been balling jack
You don't want my glock spraying – I hit all them cats
You don't want my stomach ache - I shit on them cats
I get all them gats – Fresh and B it's all a rap!
If I'm the only Hot Boy what do you call that?


You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy


Bitch what? I'll bust ya ass up
Don't even go there round
Niggas get your cash up
We probably need to clash up
And shit got me 'bout ass up
They finding niggas in they shit with they ass up
It ain't October 31st but we gone mask up – and guess what
And I heard they got a nice chain
And for the right price I'll bust the right brain
And mommy hot cause pull up in that white thang
Yo nigga might be fly but I still get trifling
Riding through the city just me and my friend
Friday night special professional tight aim
A gangsta is who you hearing
Me in my building with 20 bricks in the ceiling
I'm more real than I got more scrill than
Got more skill than them there
I'm a Cash Money Millionaire


You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
Hot Boy Hot Hot Hot Boy Hot Hot Hot Boy
Hot Hot Hot Boy


Baby let me get the keys to the rover
No let me get the keys to the house in Eastover
So I can throw a 500 Degreez platinum party
Than the after party
Me and my Squad stomping in this bitch
Fuck a bachelor party
Don't go to rapper parties – I'm no rapper man
But when the homies come home we throw a monster jam
And all my people tote chrome – we some monsters man
We gone mob to the promise land
I bought big – I'm a Tymer man
Son of a Stunna – still a girl fuck with a hustler!
Weezy keep it gutter for ya Baby Bubba
Baby blue Mercedes Coupe – Got it bullet proof
Make me shoot my 80 duke at your fucking roof
You're fucking with a big dog nigga fucking woof
Mr. S-Fucking-Q – I'm the fucking truth
Three stripes baby nice lot of ice fucking ooohf!
That's 500 Degreez!


You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
Hot Boy Hot Hot Hot Boy Hot Hot Hot Boy
Hot Hot Hot Boy
Bitch get your mind right lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









It's H-B Weezy Wee off the streets
Stay deep 'Cedes Jeep big feet
Gazer seats hold the bare floors
I faithfully hold to pimp whores
You ate with me and you gon get yours
This eight with me that's bullets through doors
Got haze in me now I'm so tall
Come blaze with me cuz Beaky got more
And now or later I'm major player
I ball right I need an agent player
Ay ma you tight you need to page a player
That's so tonight you can taste a player
I got the burner on the waist if you flinching
My shit turning on 28-inches
My shit burning like 500 plus
And this album's a three permer and a clutch


24/7 (Yes sir)
I go hard (Go hard go hard go hard)
Not here


I claim squad game till no more Wayne remain
Bang my thing till no more lane remain
Use the left lane man cook up the cocaine
Dudes a lil game and get her to do brain
That boy Weezy is a bad mother-feezy
Me and Young Jazze at the back of one tweezy
I'm so breezy off the Velvie and the perk
Now I'm getting head on the balcony on Bourbon
Apple and Eagle is the street that I shop
The Birdman my daddy and we fly south
And we don't go to work man we get work out
And the bricks may go as low as ten up in the drought
Niggaz is selling and you should be buying
Niggaz is telling and you should be dying
Niggaz is yelling Cash Money till they kill me
C-M-B I know you gotta feel me




You know if I'm doing it I'm probably doing it for the block
I'm out here bitch I got this here on lock
Come out here bitch I bet this here gon pop
I got ya slick this my year don't knock
Speakers from the front to the rear gon rock
Wood-grain handles to steer it's all hot
I never drove factory and I don't own stock
I drop that bitch on chrome chops lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









I met her when I was young and she was younger
With a body like woman so her age meant nothing
I had to get her number 
After how she made them daisy doots fit her all summer
I'm wishing I could hit her all summer
And all she ever wanted
Was for young Weezy to love her
But all I ever wanted was to cum easy and dump her
But that didnt come easy
'Cuz she ended up being my baby's mother
and then I felt smothered but little did I know
I'd never find the same girl inside another
But I never thought that I'd be looking for her
And I never thought that late at night
When I'm in the mix...laying down with some chick
That suddenly it'll click
How this broad in my drawers dont know shit 
Bout what I did 'fore I was big
When's there's a woman with my kid where I should be
She screamed to me 
My love my patience my pain 
Nigga please


I got the young'n blues y'all 
I got the young'n blues y'all 
I got the young'n blues y'all 
I got the young'n blues y'all 


I met her after the fame
And she aint even like me but I got her after the game
Mami was a nice piece young Cali sweet thang
Made her into wifey and then reality changed
It was going good...I was happy again
But then things got rapidly strange
And it had to be Wayne
She was still a virgin
What more could I ask from a dame
But I was a bastard...I asked for the pain
Now my ass in the rain
And she got a new life...the picture flipped
And none of it includes Weez and all his bullshit 
And I remember the Bahamas for the weekend 
We was freaking in the suite
And she looked sweet enough to beat it up
Till we began to sleep and I
I'm dreaming 'bout the Victoria Secret lingerie
Told me keep it..she aint want moms to see it
And just think I once saw it on the girl's body
Now all I'm seeing is nobody


I got the young'n blues y'all 
I got the young'n blues y'all 
I got the young'n blues y'all 
I got the young'n blues y'all 


You see I never really ran but no gentleman
All I know is big pimpin' ma'am
I'm just tryna be Weezy
And the perfect husband just might be too hard to find in me Weezy
Baby girl you gotta work with ya boy
'Cuz all of that cursing it be hurting ya boy
Look for the better not the worst in ya boy
And maybe I can be ya boy...Ya know what I'm sayin'
But see this here is not your everyday love tune
It's the story of your everyday thug dude
And in your mind you prolly thinkin we don't love you
But on the real we just not used to what love do
And please consider that
We were taught to love money ice cars lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Who that Weezy Bitch
Like Sigel you fuckin with the young don people
Plus I'm tryna make a son he gon' be the sequel
Muh'fuckas better be peaceful fo' sheezle
I get sums in lumps like measles
My dough sick on occations I catch seizures
I treat beef like burgers just cheese you
And for that cheedar hungry niggaz'll eat you
We breeze through in the twelve with the judo eyes
Bitches yell I wanna do those guys
Ain't that cold you know shit fucked up when you got banked at fo'
I'm 19 and I got banked at O
That's the Bentley ma that ain't that Rolls
But the price on that muthafucka ain't that low
Guaranteed that I'll bang that fo'
If your fuckin with the dude
Big shout from Cash Money Records Fuck You


Fuck you fuck you nigga muthafuck you 


Chains nines guns that's us
The slogan is 
The rules our this our size
Cross it young nigga and you will die
Pumps ride guns even 25's
Cash Money got this don't even try it
Stay where you from don't bring no static
If not then semi-automatic
This is the payback pussy bitch stay back
Fuck you yo' mama yo' daddy and where you lay at
What's beef beef is when you fuck with us
Guaranteed to lay yo' ass up under the bus
There's no one quicker than a hot boy nigga
That'll get you with the knife or pow with the trigger
There's no one keaner with the chrome Sarafina
Murder ain't nuttin' but a misdemeanor




Fo' sho' nigga
I'm gon' ride 'round my city and stunt my shit
If a nigga don't like it they can suck my dick
I got a Bentley Jag Rolls Ferrari
Lambo' with no top I'm gon' ride tomorrow
Fuck a cutless regals and rams V-12
Gotta have somethin fast just to get out them jams
Got a big ass crib with a flow lil fuck
Got a roof all glass and that bitch split up
Got a house built look like a Mercedes booth
Ferrari sofa set with the Lambo' wrench room
Leskitted up kitchen set and Rolls Royce wall
Jaguar floors and fuck all yall
BMW lights projectors to watch fights
Caddilac Benz white fox for threads
Chin cheddar for Chi tower ain't that crazy
I don't give a fuck homie that's how I play it
Refridge designed like a Lexus with legs
In the fridge it's quarters to replace the eggs
From me Fresh lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Baby Cristale Tateeze)



Biotch Biotch



Look wipe a bitch down let's dribble on a hoe C'mon

Let's pop a few bottles smoke a lil dro

Look wipe a bitch down let's dribble on a hoe Wooo

Let's pop a few bottles smoke a lil dro


I pull up slow chrome flashin
lil daddy in a long Cabbi
Big hat pimp strong daddy
Got my hoes on my arm daddy
Ain't that amazing specially when I'm blazin that dro
earthly green purple weed purple V
with purple seats murck the streets
And I see ya in that Gucci skirt ya sweet
But later on I wanna hurt ya so holla back hoe
I know ya will get ya ass over here
And take off my polar bear
I'm the coldest player of most my age
Quote my age 19 but my money's much old
And shorty got crazy paper
Cash Money's my army my navy paper
Understand Weezy is made of paper
I got  paper




Floss our bitch or get tossed out
Stunna time criss-crossed out
Birdman the bad bitches bossed out
So fly nigga we dont walk out
Time to get Nina Rossed out
I'ma let the heat speak see I'm talked out
What's the muthafuckin talk bout
Get you niggaz chalked out
Chi-town and Birdman show you what that fuckin hawk bout


You can shine like stunna 
I bought the Rover for me and bought the Benz for my ladies
See I wipe ya down I shine ya up
And put the rims on the whip then diamonded up
It's the m-uh-m-uh-man that I hustle for grams
Me Ta' and Cris' with a blunt in my hand
See I come through shinin known big tymin
Red Caddi truck nigga I'm grindin




I come Harley D black bike all chrome
Your queen is home daddy tell 'em where they went from


See I'ma slide on through then I stash the loot
Who washed the coupe ma look I know what to do


Got the suit you to wear some pumps on
matchin the car matchin my bra shit nigga pimpin is hard


I jock that so wipe a nigga down
Let's dribble on a hoe bitch time to go


The Caddi do me pop the coupe is hot
the groupies flock and case me out my Gucci socks
Yeah we get that dough Tatee' watch me drop these
You got me can I get the car keys


See I wipe a bitch down then dribble on a hoe
And I touch her from her head from her waist to her toes
Pop up in the Lexus with the mink on the floor
Rocked out Nexus 2K bird hoe lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









You know they saying since the bar back on the 'dro he lackin the flow
And if that ever happen whoa I ain't rapping no more
I'm good with a pina daq and an o
Gagging and choke like ho put the dick back in your throat
Still packing fo sho
Yeezy Weezy off of the heezy fo sheezy
Cruise with the top off of the 'Ghini
Bars got cheese I got cheddar linguini
That's why I keep the federals scheming
That's why I keep the platinum blinging
Every diamond's like a nice size
I help people with problems look at the bright side
With nice ties on a rise so they sitting me high
And the rims born in '79
Weezy carry the nine glocks
Slipping they gon have to get six niggaz name called carry a pine box
Marry me ma not
But here's what you can do to me
Give me good brains tutor me
W-E-E-Z-Y Wee


They call me Weezy Weezy fo sheezy
Banana clip on the heater
Banana whip on them sneakers
Banana dick going deeper


Got a good game honestly so respect the young'n
Got your girl undercover like a detective woman
I'm a mess blow a vest to onion and I'll test your stomach
And the pistols right next to him cousin
I'm a player having sex with dozens
Sex with cousins hoes dissed with husbands
My pants is down her dress is up
Her head down and her neck is tough
She suck till I say 
We fuck till her ass fractured up
And when I nut no shower bitch pack your stuff
Am I a mack or what
Yep Weezy macaroni with a bony model bitch
Are you modeling ma
She got her own whip so you following ma
She said she like that squad shit
So oh you swallowing ma
She said she like that hot dick
Well miss I got three bricks and two pills pop
One blunt mami let's roll
And understand I know what my name is right
Bitch say it
W-E-E-Z-Y Wee




I'm so gangsta
If she don't go down no thank you
I got so many bitches so ain't ya
Got so many pictures of Ben Franklin
High top tennis on the car cover of the whole game cold
Fuck it up with me niggaz come from all angles
Representing S-Q like the Star Spangled
White tee-fish at Kango
Low top Nikes plus my ho pop Nikes
How exciting we riding in the third lane
Said she like Juvy but prefer Wayne
She can give me head
Call her birdbrain on everything
It's Young Weezy cuz I be golly
My neck more colorful then Nelly Murph Ky Ali
I'm so cold deep
Low seats in the old drop blow reef
Like no cops could fuck with this
Swiftly no tops on the whippy
Cash Money hot Bizzy Lil Wizzy get with me
Now I'ma lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Yea yea yea its the Carter motherfucker I came back around
its the Carter motherfucker I came back around
its the Carter motherfucker
let me show you my building man its the Carter
I'ma show y'all the ins the outs the ups the down kno what I'm talkin bout
this is me fourth solo album baby I came back around
by myself this time back off the wall
guns up in the air in the middle of the streets like blak blak blak welcome


This is the Carter y'all welcome hard as Malcolm
Dawg is a vulcan Lord help him but y'all felt him
That make you a part of me and pardony
If a part of me is what you wanna be what you oughtta be
Dont worry Carter me I just actin accordingly
I give orders to the commander in chief just the commander in me
Handlin streets in the mandarin V
I hear you haters slanderin me I just hand him the P
Any drama I pace it like Indiana I take your grandma pacemaker and jus handle the piece
Not two fingers I simultaneously bout two bangers
You do not want angus USDA prime beef ya dead meat
I'm so ahead of these trendy rappers speed up
I'm already hot when another one startin to heat up
Got Mannie hot wit me cuz I always beat his beat up
Yall cats wit y'all feet up startin to look like feet up I'm G'd up
On the V'd up in the truck I gotta put my seat up
In the trunk I got my bass and I ain't speakin bout no speakers
Whats leakin up out of yo speaker is the speech of Weezy F. Baby
No more no less Baby so forth and so on
Front door livin room young nigga switchin we
What you need get you crack get you weed
Make yo way to the back look ahead and see
White bitch in the bathroom givin head for speed
But don't you turn your head at me the president been doin it
Daddy tried to ruin it
But I built this building from the ruts
I own all the corners and the cuts in this motherfucker
And the feds know just whats up in this motherfucker
Made niggaz so they cant bust in this motherfucker
So with that lets keep it movin on to the kitchen where my witches keep it brewin
Uh huh look at how my bitches do it
Bucky buck naked look at all my bitches booties
They handle all my pharmaceutics
I got it from promethazane to metamucil
I'm crucial don't mean to spook you
But this is New Orleans so my queens do voodoo ya know
So the things just move through
I feel ya pain I got things to soothe you
That fills the cane so wayne the nuetral
Dont hate the game hate the institution
That fills the cane so wayne the nuetral
Dot hate the game hate the institution fucka


I came back around it's the Carter
show you the rest of the house later we gon go upstairs lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Yea yea yea
Grown ups in between children and babies
Right about now its yo boy ya heard back again
DJ Mannie
Fre Fresh Err Fresh
Fre Fresh Err Fresh
Fre Fresh Err Fresh
Fre Fresh Err Fresh

Go DJ that's my DJ
Go DJ that's my DJ
Go DJ that's my DJ
Go DJ yea
Wit Weezy We step up to the mic dude do watcha do ya heard


Ladies and gentlemen what you have here is brought to you
Courtesy of the young man young Carter and the great man Mannie Fresh
So what I want yall out there to do for me is say this


Say go DJ cuz that's my DJ
Say go DJ cuz that's my DJ
Say go DJ cuz that's my DJ
Say go DJ cuz that's my cuz that's my


Murder one on one the hottest nigga under the sun
I come from under the tummy busting a tommy
Or come from under your garments yo chest and your arm hit
Pow one to the head now you know he dead
Now you know I play it like a pro in the game
Naw better yet a veteran a hall of fame
I got that medicine I'm better than all the names
Ay its Cash Money Records man a lawless gang
Put some water on the track Fresh for all his flame
Wear a helmet when you bang it man and guard yo brain
Cuz the flow is spasmatic what they call insane
That aint even a muthafuckin aim I get dough boy
And you already know that pimping
18 how I'm living young'n show that Bentley
Stunna my Pa so you know that's in me
Gotti my mentor so don't go there wit me





And I move like the Coupe thru traffic
Rush hour GT Bent' roof is absent
Ya bitch present wit the music blasting
And she keep asking how it shoot if its plastic
I tell her you see if ya boy run up she sat back and cut the Carter back
up oh fa sho
Ay Big Mike they betta step they authority up
Before they step to a sergeant's son I got army guns
You niggas never harming young fly wizzy my opponents done I'm done talking
And I ain't just begun I been running my city like Diddy ya chump
I fly by ya in a foreign whip on the throttle wit a model bony bitch
Pair of phony tits her hair is long and shit to her thong and shit
Well here we go so hold on to this uh lets go


Hold on let me hit the blunt
So go so go
This is the this is the this is the
This is the this is the this is the
This is the Carter




Birdman put them niggas in a trash can
Leave em outside of your door I'm your trash man
I'm steady lighting another hash and riding in my jag
You will need a gas mask man
You snakes stop hiding in the grass
Sooner or later I'll cut it knock the blades in yo ass
You homo niggas getting Aids in the ass
While the homie here tryna get paid in advance
I'm staying on my grizzy I'ma bonafide hustler
Play me or play wit me then I'm going find your mother
Niggas wanna eat cuz they ain't ate nothing
But niggas wanna leave when you say you out of mustard
So I'ma walk into the restaurant alone leaving out
Leaving behind just residue and bones
In your residents with Rugers to your dome
Like where the fuck you holding the coke holding your throat choke

This this this this this this this this this this this this this
This is the Carter



Go DJ DJ lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Ok I'm finally perfect ya know
Yall already know what it is and if you don't
Then the great Mannie Fresh will enlighten you


Ladies and gentlemen pimps and playas
Half ass rappers and true rhyme sayers
This is the Carter so hold onto your teenage daughter
Because this is the Carter a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter
Wayne in ya brain young Carter
Wayne in ya brain young Carter


Who am I young wizzle fa shizzle
Flow sicker than a third floor in hospitals
My charm starburst my watch skittles
I'm hot sizzle what up hot bizzle
Holla at a playa I'm sorta like BD
Yall can't stop my dribble or block the lay-ups
Soft top the Coupe mami pop her too
Don't chase the feelin baby girl let it come to you
Remove the ceiling on the girl now she comfortable
I'ma world class G mami fuck wit dude
I got Lazy-Boy bank that's comfort low
I'ma offense coordinator run the shoe
You watch your grill what you ought to do
Fore' your ribs get barbecued
And my ribs is showin I say I'm starving dude
This this this this this is the Carter dude
What up Reel c'mon




I'm the Birdman Birdman Jr. bitch
I be high in the sky shit on you and yo bitch
I be flyer than your guy nigga lose the prick
Now if ya follow everything just grab a wing
And we could sssssshhhhhhhh
All the way down to the mall and bet I buy it all
Young Mar' picture the broad lick
All the way down to the balls then she wipe it off
If getting money is wrong I ain't right at all
I young money a car I just write it off
I'm the boss of my own shit I'm my own click
I would say fuck ya but go and get ya own dick
Get ya game up boy hustle harder
This this this this this this this this this
Get ya game up boy hustle harder
This this this this this this is the Carter yea




And yall better blame Baby
Cuz he the muthufucka that made me and I'm crazy
And yall ask why I never left the navy
Cuz he the muthufucka that pay me is you crazy
Young young young wizzle baby
Give you yo issue me don't wanna kiss you
No no no me no want no bullshit
So so stop baller blockin cuz a nigga hood rich
And I floss everyday because I could bitch
So holla at ya boy cuz I'm still on some hood shit
Like like like whats really good wit ya mom or your lil boy
And your sister lookin good shit shit
I'm still Apple Eagle weasel
1-7 Hollygrove never ever ever leave you
I got yall waitin on my sequel
This this this this this lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Yea shorty you know what I'm talking bout'
I peep these niggaz out here they slipping like they ain't bout
money no more man so what fuck
You know what we gon' do ha?
We gon' do what we been doing nigga
We gon' load up get a lot mo' and a lot mo' and say fuck em'
Nigga
Keep fucking hoes
Loading up on mo' bitches
Then you know what I'm saying we gon' get greedy too nigga
I ain't never gettin' full I'm full blooded with this grind
 I GOT IT
I GOT IT


Murder capital only key to survive is kill
If the elements don't murder you the riders will fo real
And niggas know I goes hard to the fullest
Get involved and I got' em' playing dodge ball with bullets
Yeah
I got the sawed off fully in the sean john hoody
Get fucked ya play pussy
We hit em' up when they ain't looking and them body shots hurt
And the head shots took him
Damn
And if the read dot spot him then the hollow head got him
Knock his top to his bottom jack
You see me grind to the bottom just to make it to the bottom
At the very bottom of the map
Lou-easy-ana piranhas everywhere you at
You gotta weigh an extra condom and an extra gat
You bitch could get it for acting like a man
Them niggaz in Pakistan ain't packin' like ya man
I back his hand ya man on command
In front of niggaz he cool with the boys on fam
I'm on I am just in different climates ducking the animal keep on running wit
my primates
You ain't did it till you done it like in 5 states
Weezy hustle no blubber I put on weight
And in a drought I go on I diet and stretch more
Loose all that weight leave a nigga with stretch marks
You don't even come up to a nigga chest paw supa
what the fuck they play it in the club for ?
Real shit I'm ducking bombs from a drug war
no religion but the cops swear that I'm a drug lord
Father forgive em' for they no not who they pushing lord
Father forgive me if I have to send them to ya lord
I'm just trying to dodge the shots they send to the god
They riding up highway to heaven boulevard
Damn them niggaz pussy and jive not even in an eye exam they ain't looking for 
The A and the K will make ya face cook to the side
Now when you smiling everybody gotta look from the side
Cause when you wilding you ain't looking you just looking high
and when we hungry you look like pie
Sweet potato ass nigga you lemon merangue apple custard cherry jelly
Don't make me get the biscuit buster
What up gizzle you my distant brother
Real shit nigga same father different mother yep
I skip the fronting and sticks to keeping it trill
You not know me for nothing other than people you feel I'm deeper for real
I'm deeper than skills my speeches can kill
Rest in peace


Yeah you underdig shorty its all about one thing nigga
If you bout money nigga come fuck with us
if you ain't bout money get the fuck from round us nigga
And whatever you bout we bout it however you wanna get it we can give it to ya
Order bitch ya underdig
Put ya prints in nigga
Put ya feet down and ya nuts on the concrete and lets roll


Ay ay
You sleep in a field for trying the dude
I bust ya head until the meat turns ya mind to food
Foot for thought think I ain't lying to you
I lie his body in grease set fire to him
I tie his body in sheets put the tires to him
Make him feel the escalade put his feet in the blade
Damn
I'm near heating and blaze a nigga keep they ways when I'm in the streets with blades
Watch my nigga hungry he'll eat the plate
And if I ask the homeboy will eat'cha face
yea
And though he got me you can ask I'm like a pool table
I keep the eight
Haha
My side pocket sideways when I pop it leave a nigga sideways for five days
Birdman talk to em'


Yeah nigga I tell em' I tell em' again shorty
If it ain't about money get all the fuck from round us


Ay ay
Check my swag I travel like sound dog
You play hard in the gravel like ground dog
I'm underground call me groundhog
Lay down lawgs call me ground law
Don't confuse me with the law naw but just confuse me with my paw
Because I am the Birdman J-R
I ain't tripping nigga I play the corner like ripkin nigga
With the 40 cal ripkin nigga rip a nigga
Flip ya vehicle split ya windshield
Wack ya Baby momma but I let the kid live
And people say that I am a kid still cause the lil nigga still rides on big wheels
You feeling animal then come on and get killed
And sig pill bandannas like banana's
Say I'm slight bananas I blow a weekend in Havana
In my cabana with my bottom bitch from savanna
Man a train couldn't stop ya man
I man up and you not a man
I stand up say I got my land
I'm the man of my land
Call it lil-weezy-ana
Thats the new plan


Yeah nigga you bout some money get at me nigga
Thats the only way
Dumb shit we bout that get at me
Nigga roll solo lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Yea.yea.yea.yea
This is the Carter motherfucker yea
And in my building I must keep it real


And man I miss the times we would shine you would keep on your side
You would teach me how to ride and you would teach me how to pry
Then we get on the line and go over our lines
We were in the same position and that's when you change position shit
I never change and I miss ya and its strange but I never forget ya
i know that ain't you in them pictures homie
And I know that ain't you wit that dissing on me
That's why I never replied and never will just let em live phony
If ya ever died I swear to God I got yo kids homie
Whats mine is their I gotta give homie and yea
We still a army in this bitch homie
Yea Cash Money still the shit homie shit homie
Whats really real is you feeling me nigga
That Hot Boy shit still in me nigga word the giggity nigga
And I ain't got time to speak the history
I miss you and I know you missing
Gizzle but


Man I miss my dawgs 
Many nights club poppin 
Many nights we were blowing trees 
Many nights we were hustling 
Man I miss my dawgs 
Me and you through thick and thin 
Me and you through the very end 
For only you I'll sin again 


And I remember when you came to the click
I had already made my name in the click but you got famous and shit
I got my solja rag and dangled my shit
I was down to just to hang wit you shit
And I banged to the boogie bang bang wit yo click
And I ain't even from the 3 my hood was angry at me shit
But I rose to my feet played the post wit the heat
At them shows while you performed and posed
I was waiting for a nigga to jump see I was patient but was ready to dump
Cause you my brother chump
Real Gs never buckle up
But every family ain't filled wit gangsters that's real
And that's real and I would never turn my back or turn ya down
Even if you turned around motherfucker
But history is history
I miss you and I know you missing me
Juve but





You was my nigga my nerve my joy my herb
My main motherfucking man Turk
My other my partner I was teacher he was father
I skilled he schooled we chilled we moved
We thug we hung we ate we slept
We lived we died I stayed you left
Remember how we played to the left
And we stayed out of trouble cause we stayed to our self
Member Slim and B leaving hand the keys over
Tell me not to go Uptown and we went straight to the Nolia
While I watched you reunite wit yo soljas
And yo mom and brothers while I lied to the stunner
Yea those were the times my brother
Now I recognize real and I honor my brother
Yea nigga Semaj my brother lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Ay shawty you know what I'm sayin'
Some niggaz palms be sweatin'
Some niggaz palms be itchy
It don't matter a nigga just gotta get it
You know what I'm sayin' nigga
We built this shit from the ground up
Nigga The Carter nigga
You what I'm sayin'
We been around the world gettin' money nigga
We been to every ghetto every neighborhood
Every project nigga
We worldwide hustlas nigga 
You what I'm sayin'
Lets get them niggaz lets ride shawty


Indictments got us conspiracy for murders
Five young niggaz uptown servants
Word they bird curvin' for servin'
Look the worstest of the worst is shootin' out like they jaws curvin'
Bitch and we was raised in these war times
Jail also made men in these hard times
And don't cry I'ma get mines so pray for me
I'm on the block on the grind mama pray for me
So nigga respect my G respect my grind
Nigga respect how I eat respect my mind
Nigga respect this heat
When these niggaz out of line nigga we dress up and creep
Whoa shawty I'ma blow they whole block
Fuckin' with a soldier mastermind is on plot
Third ward survivor uptown madness
Killin' is a hobby jackin' is a habbit bitch


We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby
C'mon we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby c'mon


The murder man picture me lurkin'
Right up behind ya curtains nine's squirtin'
And you could hear it when it's hurtin'
But if I hear him hurtin' I'll walk over and merk him for certain
I took over the circus
'Cause I'ma act a clown if you put your feet down on my surface
I walk around fo' pound and surface
To spin ya ass around in circles you urkle
Blood run up out ya earth now you purple
Your homeboy get it first but you worst so
Now you headed to the skies above
And I'm go and get high with ya bitch in the club
Yeah life's a bitch and death's a husband
And you gonna have to meet up if you keep on fuckin' up
And you gonna have to meet us if you keep on fuckin' up
But you don't want see them CMB blood knuckle up


We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby
C'mon we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby c'mon


Shoot him in his head so he remember
Because of that mama I'll be gone 'till Novemeber
I be back next winter in a hummer on spinners
Them niggaz on the block say them boys gon' get 'em
But them niggaz on the block don't know the toys who with 'em
Tell ya boy come and get me if I go he goin' with me
I'm hoping y'all feel me I told y'all what the dealy
Ya open up ya face I'ma open up the semi
I open up ya kidneys now ya floatin' up the Missi-
Ssippi river nigga play with deep water now ya swimmin'
Silly you play with me Carter now ya missin'
Really I shoot ya in ya head and make you feel it
And even though I be the man with the milli's
When the shit go down I be the man with the milli's
Beef cranberry on the ceilin'
This is the Carter bitch welcome to my buildin' c'mon


We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby
C'mon we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby c'mon


Wish a nigga would say something gotta
Standin right chea guns up boy
Weezy F lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Eagle eagle carter man
In a 96 regal contraband
On my way to the east to the laundromat
Got to wash dat money and get on my ass
Flip them bricks it be gone so fast
I got to do something i done blown my last
Dolla holla at ya boy i be on da ave
In dat g pricko is what i am known to have
If shit tend to be slow i put on a mask
Make it halloween and take all ya bags
I say Holly Hollygrove won't you go on and stab and
Make these muthafuckas understand
Look coach you pitching at me under hand
But i am a designated hitter i adjust so fast
Ya men designing women i am a one woman's man
Cash money prince blow the trumpet man
They say they want the drugs to stop but i am a major step back when my album drop 
I got dat wet crack flow out ya mammi's pot i got dat i got dat jet black four at ya mammi's spot
I am trying to get dat dough i demand it now
You panic now  you betta panic down
For the neighbors be over here tearing it down
This is weezy f baby i am crowned the prince


This is my town my home this is my crown my thrown this is me on my own lets get it on


And the hand gun is so included don't get it confused i want no confusion and keep ya hoe i
Don't want your contusions 
I make my hoes stop and let the dough keep moving
A bitch over some money is a hungry nuisance
Its money over bitches that i am going to keep provin'
Its weezy f i got ya momma cruisin' out of all the hot boyz she say i am the coolest
I brought my bag of oranges dis time to juice it
It game is a bitch and i am trying to seduce
I floss a awful lot and haters on trying to reduce it
Put the laser on the 45 is iron you stupid
On shot just to remind you nigga you dat fly lil nigga dats behind da trigger
I am all chronic combined with liquor
You will never see me like momma tigger
An eighty's baby a fighting nigga  nigga i got it on my mind like a psychic nigga
I am something you call pepper like a viking snakesee me over the viking stove i am lighting
Bricks
Or in the middle of the shoot out i am tighting clips
Pop another one shoot back while lighting spliffs are you catching my drift repersenting with
My section on my belly and shit i am the prince


This is my town my home this is my crown my thrown this is me on my own lets get it on

So roll the carpet out cause you are fucking with a nigga from the royal south
See you are either in or you are out and you out stay in because them warriors are out because
Those vultures cops and those lawyers are out 
So i just open up the gate and let my holliers out
No nigga i neva call your house i am probably some where taking Toya out
Not answer my phone man ignoring ya spose
She leaving messages about me enjoying her mouth
Hey i am ready to knock a boy in the mouth
Give me the name naw better yet point him out
Ai me and the streets got a joint accountiam from the streets dat you need to be warned about
New Orleans woadie put the gat in your mouth
And if we feed you with alot of iron it will flatten you out
A few roaches but never had no rats in this house never telling one another leave dat in the
House
I always been a small hustler moving my packing out
If i ever run into some trouble send my savages out
These niggas talking sweet i will get dem cavaties out
I got graveyard flyers man i am passing them out
Hey bitch nigga get ya ass on the ground and bow down to ya majesty now i am the prince


This is my town my home this is my crown my thrown this is me on my own lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Fuck with me you know what it is


I shoot your arm leg leg arm head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm leg leg arm head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year


Dressed in all black and my gun the same color
Murder my enemy love thy brotha
And I ain't never gave a shit about a motherfucker
Hit him up and watch the guts come up out a younga stomach
You niggaz better take side with young money Cash Money
You'll get left in your ride crash dummy
I'll be around when the times get ugly
When the wheels fall off and the tires stop running
The magazine empty and the nine stop busting
I bang my fist till my palms get bloody
Cuz I'm a monsta man
I'm gonna find you in my AP nine on jam
I'm a rider you can't take it out of me man
I be wilding you can wait by my house for me fam
I will fire and drop a hater rite where he stands
I'm gonna die with this blazer rite in these hands


I shoot your arm leg leg arm head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm leg leg arm head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year


Twenty-two's thirty-eight's forty-four's forty-five's
Tucked in my thirty-eight mack on my back I am
So ready for whateva that awaits me
Run up in your place wile you're sleepin await the
Calicoes ak's Uzi-machines
Got ya misplacin your arms and losin your knees
I am takin names so who wanna leave
Out this bitch with your brains and your dew on your sleeve?
I got the hood with the names of the crew on they t's
And I might make a funeral sweep I ain't bullshitin
AR hit ya truck got ya hood flippin
Feet by the engine head by the transmission
And I be right where I am mista
Me and my damn pistol
Me and my girlfriend
In this world alone so bring it on
And umma have to sing you this song nigga


I shoot your arm leg leg arm head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm leg leg arm head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year


I got the scope on the tool I can see what you do
With a little red dot nigga peek-a-boo
Shhh the silence will speak to you
Hit you from across the street wile you tying ya shoe
Like Bang! Bang! say breathe nigga breath I stand ova the body with the boy in his tee
Say Bang! Bang! say breathe deep breath I stand ova the body with the boy in his chest...Clear!
Now the boy is a mess and the block in fear cuz ya boy up and left
Life is short enjoy what eva's left
Before you run into a nigga like me and meet death
In less than three seconds I'll pull a three-eighty
Three feet from my waist
Three inches from your faces
Make no mistake Weezy neva hesitate
I'll pop till your shit separate like eewww!


I shoot your arm leg leg arm head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm leg leg arm lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









I came back around I came back around I came back around
The Carter muthafucka
Right now we still in the kitchen man
You checkin out them bitches booties right 
Yea but lets move on man I got plenty more house to shoe to show you man
Plenty mo Carter to give you
You know let's go man


Now let me show you upstairs
Got the glass house floor to let me know who up there
Look down and you see your reflection
You ain't gotta know who down here
You just know you protected
Hey man how I don't know you connected
Here's a little more fiend let me see you inject it
That's right little wode respect this
Understand me or get 'cha mammy a death wish
Part one part two part three
All the parts of  all a part of me
If you look to the wall ya' see
A few gagged up tied up scared pricks
Got 'em facin the wall like they was on  
I ain't chasin' at all but it get scary 'bout my chips
And in here is where I keep the bricks
Acknowledge lil' marley in the hallway
He got the clips


Don't shoot 'em Marley 
This my lil' dude marley man
He hold me down know what I'm talking 'bout
I'll show you the rest of the house later man
You wait right here lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Ladies and gentlemen
People with jobs
People without jobs
Middle class
Upper class
High class all that
Cats snakes chickens ducks
Elderly people and twerkers


Put your hands on your knees and bend your rump
Put your back in
Back out
Do the hump.
Put your hands on your knees
And bend your rump
Put your back in
Back out do the hump


Well I'm fly as son of a gun a son
Of a Stunner 
High as a 757 going to heaven 
Weezy F the reverend preach about me I'm the god 1-7 apple and E
I'm the Cash Money Makaveli
You all ain't ready break fast like Tom Petty
You all just petty
'82 I was born ready
I'm too ready
You all Betty Crocker balla blockers I'm too heavy
Meatball Lamborghini
Top spaghetti
Seats Ragu
Uh 20 inch shoes
Oh me and you got plenty to do
I don't need no pool I'm swimming in you
And I sleep with the sharks
Shorty on the water water
And I be ma 840 mama
Shake something for me
And it don't make sense if it don't make that money
I'm gonna take that money...




I bring it back to the bottom of the map 
I bring it back to the bottom of the map 
I bring it back to the bottom of the map 
I bring it back to the bottom of the


I take off my brim
Moment of silence of my homeboy Souljah Slim 
Fronting round here will get your back dropped off
We do our own thing
We don't act like you all
I say black white walls with the back wiped off
Ah you all little busters just a tax write off
I'm a stand up guy not the type that
Fall
We don't breed them kind but they bleed just fine
Yup Weezy the one only read between the line
If you can't boy read ma nine
I'm going hard in the paint like Diesel time
Either I'm the illest cat doin' it or these cats is losing it
I be Eazy fall back and be cool with it
Paul Barrer is moving it
Dead float I'm through with it
I'm the SHH
Na na I'm sewerage
Weezy F baby I do dis here!






I'm old school gangster
I act like 80
I look like Cita but act like Baby
You play with me I'll react like the Navy
Nah better yet the ARMY you all gonna need them for me
And your head is a beepin' target
You don't want me to see you with my peekin' tourmis
Wizzle Fizzle I keep in New Orleans
Sleeping with women that sleep with the Hornets
Country boy there's something foreign
about a hundred thousand
More than what your in
You're not about it
You freeze up like Popsicles
Pop up on bicycles
Pop you all like spot pimples  Wizzle Fizzle
Original hot bizzle
Still Lil' Wanye but the dividends not little
Yeah don't be surprised how the chrome feel
Uhh get down uhh get down
Man I'm getting frustrated






Uhh the best rapper alive
Since the best rapper retired

The best rapper alive
Since the best rapper retired lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Weezy
What up pop. What up pop.
Fuck what they heard it's what they need to know nigga

Ya feel me. Hey nigga we done built this.
Shit from the ground up now homie
Believe that daddy. It ain't no looking back from here. We too strong


And that's the only way we get down 
'Cause that's the only way we was taught 
And everything we got we bought 
And real niggaz still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark yeah)
And that's the only way we get down 
And that's the only way we was taught 
And everything we got we bought 
And real niggaz still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark fuck a law oh!)
'Cause that's the only way we get down


I down down a brother we ain't cut from the same cloth you Downy soft
Bullets separate ya body compound a busta
I'ma find ya if ya hiding I'm a bounty hunter
In ya home putting dick all down ya woman
You come home we in the bedroom counting money
I bring her home and I fuck her on a thousand hundreds
Then I shoot the nasty bitch in the mouth for nothing
I say Birdman Birdman what's good today
We ain't never let them niggaz take our food away
And we recognize real and got a rude awakening
And woke up together and our life was better
I'm the Cash Money son I live a life of cheddar
Not a rat though hat low Nike is leather
Lil' maw twist to get my life together
Ya bitch meet me at the bar and we night together Cut!




Throw my weight like Sherman Klump
I gotta hold up my estate like Donald Trump
And I aim kinda straight when it's time to pump
I bring the pump when it's time to pump
Wrapped around my waist like a cumber bun
Don't make a nigga pump  you up!
I come in that new thing she threw up
Now yo' bitch ass gotta clean yo' shoe up
I'm rich as fuck and I never blew up
Business mug gotta get my loot up
Bet ya bitch get fucked if I ever met her
Bet ya ditch get dug you ever step up
One by one I push 'em down fat bullet fat head make a pussy sound
Hard head soft ass make a gushy ground I'm straight from a crooked town
Like that bitch!




I give my arms and my legs to the game I'm ahead of the game
I dead any mane if he said any thing but it's cool as long as nigga paid when he came
And I'm a fool wit the flame and the caine
Cut it just a little bit but the drain stay the same yeah
Young Wayne and the pain and the stain still remain
On the chest where the four made a mess yes
I'm still here in the flesh 21 year old legend I'ma live way after my death
I sacrifice whatever that's left
I give ya'll the last of my breath like... 
Write it down take a picture record a copy
Press pause only way you stop me fucker
I'ma get mine and make you not me
Spit wine at ya face if you watch me Bitch!



And that's the only way we getting down nigga Cash Money CMB man
You already know we here never left fuck 'em
See me if you got a problem boy
I'm at home all day man. It's not a game
Stunna what's really good with 'em we ain't never let 'em take our food away
Fresh you nasty on this on dawg. Ugh
This one lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Don't let your mouth open up
Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up no
Don't let your mouth open out
Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out no


Aint no snitches ridin wit us
Ol mo the mouth niggaz could holla the front
Cant no loose slips get on my yacht
I leave player haters at the dock watch
And your nigga help ya burn the block
As soon as you get hot nigga turn to cop
Ya settin up federal appointments now
Nigga all in court pointing out
Daddy not knowing what he doin his child
We gon mail him his finger when he get out yea
Just to show him what we's about
Never let shit about G'z leave ya mouth yea
You inside can't leave ya house
Two donut lovers to police ya house
I sneak past those brothers leak in ya house
And put the heat dead in yo mouth so shut up




Wizzy nigga been bout me
Stay low so you don't know shit bout me
Make no mistake I'm a veteran at
Me never rat mommy taught me better than that
Get a gat if you ain't got one already
If you do then you ain't got enough get two
And you could never get me nigga get you
And you ain't got to fuck me girl fuck you
I'm rollin wit my goons
And I would never roll on my nigga take that to my tune
aint no girl came out of mom's wound
Real nigga shit muthufucker I'm tuned and I was taught
If a man talk about another man while that man ain't present
A man don't listen
They throwin brick but they hands is missin
Just watch what you sayin sissy




Aint no telling who spillin the earl
You telling yo boy he tellin his girl
O Now she telling the world
It ain't no secret I'm hotter than etha
But I don't neither cop shit neither
Either close yo mouth or meet the heater
We the dirty south where cocaine cheaper
You go up north nigga's boost they fee up
This where the real hustlers meet up
Look out anybody can be them people
Yo own people could be them people
No glasses can help you see them people
They around too many evil people
Detectives wanna get even equal
My desert eagle ain't even legal but sssshhhhhhhh




Yea nigga watch the people around you watch the people away from you
Leave them niggaz be let them stay from you
These niggaz mouth's is runnin like hot water I swear to God
Real niggaz takin falls like Niagara
Tryna stay up like Viagra lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Hoes! Lets just talk about Hoes!
Can we talk about Hooooooeeeeesss Hooooooeeeeesss!


 


You got to talk like a pimp whats good mommee
you knew betta you threw betta who betta than
that nigga with the crisp. White tee icy white
sneaks jeans to a betta you do betta gettin yo ass
out off up in that coupe bitch. See yo ass on that new
leather and recupe bitch. Its only me you bitch on
our way to the stoop. I'm that birdman junior you ain't
know and don't give me that silly bullshit about you ain't
hoe. I move ya to my city put yo ass in ya 1-0. I have ya
lookin pretty at the half knock at the do. And gucci don't
fit you like it's suppose to be in pictures I computer love
baby Wayne ya change your image. You need Weezy them other
boys just gimics. Me I'm just game green and straight physics
is you wit it I ain't even tryin to hit it. I ma get it
once its time to get it. Lets talk about




I got this rat name Shelly dat loves Makaveli
Number 5 combo meals its bad she K-Y jelly. Our
old school shorty still drinkin 40's. Grab the mic
start a fightfuck up the whole party. Maybe you
should leave just yo weave thats velcro hell no bitch
go wit Steve. Got this lead singer bitch from a popular
group I would say her name but she bought me a coupe. Got
this poor hoe Shonna swear like Marijuana she dig lil wayne
but she love the big tymers. Got pretty gurl Patrice found out
Im fuckin her niece she tried to stab her so I grab her and we
call the police. Mr. Officer dat bitch den lost it bra she goin
to jail oh well I be fuckin her. See two dykes spanish twins nuts
press on they chin lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Ay Wayne
I know this bullshit that I'm hearing ain't true right
Ya feel me
These niggaz out here picking bullshit over money nigga
But you know what fuck a nigga
We gone keep grinding this shoe box is full


The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block off the clip off the cain nigga
The only way we live it only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block off the clip off the cain nigga
The way we live it is the only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga


Well I'm a 17 nigga got that hollygrove in me
It ain't coming to me so I gotta go get it
You ain't fucking with me I got the hottest flow nigga
There ain't nothing to see because I'm not in yo vision
Well I'm gone get fed up one day
Put lead up in the K
Come and hit up where ya stay so
Baby momma betta get up out the way
Cause the bullet got no heart
And the trigger man crazy
Little man if a bigger man jumps through
Then I'm in the hood with the pump in the truck looking
But if you ain't in them cuts or on them benches
Im a park the fucking truck and knock yo door off the henges
Yes weezy baby flow off the henges
So off the tempo no pad or pencil
Well let me go back to what men do
Throwback Benz purple Throw back 22's Bitch




Weezy F. Baby hand cocked
Demand my cheese
Fuck you pay me
And I can't stop
Please what you crazy?
Man I'm a get it like the man on the chorus
Got my hand on a fortune
Bang at ya porches Bang at ya window
Kidnapp ya neighbors torture ya kinfolk
And tell the cops I murder the infoer
Leave him on the precinct steps in a pillow
Niggaz wanna keep they breath then tell 'em get low
I got ten left in the tech so what they here fo
Nigga you ain't scaring nothin weezy been a tiger in the jungle since a cub
With my paws in the mud yeah me and my paw in the mud
Interior mayback like what Bitch nigga!
Its the Birdman and Birdman Jr
And he ain't got to his son a shoot ya blah




Homeboy you gotta know that avenue
To get off a bag or two or you just passin through
True true and we just passed the truth
Passin through the streets of the murder capital
Where you think ya own brothers after you
So you ain't got no other brother after you
Dont let the boys in blue capture you
Cause they got pictures of me at it too
Its all fucked up
Bossman weezy get y'all touched up
Gat blacked ya face like ya run into a wall or something
Its cash money all or nothing
Its Lil Wayne the reverand call it Sunday
The congregation know I come with nothing
But leave with everything lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










I

I'm way more fly than you

I'll take your dime from you

Now she wanna spend all night with me

Let me be the one that you throw it to baby
(Throw it back ma throw it back throw it back throw it back ma)
I'd like to spend the rest of my night with you
(Yea so how bout you so how bout you)


I'll take your bitch give her back; take your bitch again
That's because you throw a 5 I pitch a 10
Now she wanna get inside of me 66
She sees that my wrist is blue and yellow like Michigan
She say she love her man she misses him
But nobody do it better than her distance dick 
I'm her long distance pimp
When I land my bitches want for me on the strip 
And I don't lie I confess I'm the one who turn that orange vest to a dress
Gotta dress to impess though Gotta stay clean plus momma in a Lex 4
She with me what you expect I live to be fly to death
It's the bird man jr. sincerely yours
When it rains it pours when it rain it whores



Now why you wanna go do that
I can see through that
Tattoo right there like I view that
Girl what that say what who that
Bet he was lame bet he Lil' Wayne 
Cus I'm way more flyer
Have you hanging round a bunch of yayo buyers 
And not a day go by us we don't get high than the telephone wires
Cut your telephone we riding where phones don't roam they don't even come on
You're far from home so leave it alone
You creeping with the king of the throne
You sleeping in a tee and a thong
With your hair in a pony
I ain't got no blinds we can stare at the morning 
But I can't be there all morning
Girl I'm a pimp I'm going going going gone



I'm Sorry I was grooving
Gotta love that laid back Mannie Fresh music
But let's get back to what we were doing
Laid back in that black on Pat Ewing's
That's 33 tires he fire
These streets ain't papaya ma
You gotta keep heat on your side
2 must
So I'm a get 3 more and cop you one
Wait naw hun cus you ain't exempt
If your ass ever trip I'll give you a clip 
But I love the way your jeans suck in your hip
And you walk kinda mean how you strut with a dip
And you talk kinda clean and you lick your lips
But I can't fall for you cus I stick to the scrip 
I said I stick to my grip; I stick to my money that's life to me
Sorry honey Jazze



So how bout you yea
So how bout you
See what I'm talking bout sweet heart you ain't even gotta have John Madden
you ain't gotta have Dick Vitale you ain't gotta Lee Carsole
you ain't gotta have Stuart Scott you ain't gotta have Linda Cohn
know what I'm talking bout you ain't gotta have the staff of ESPN
you ain't gotta have ABC staff just to talk sports baby cus I got game
Just fuck with the boy and I'll get you a jersey
What you want me to put on the back
Daddy's little girl that's right lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Hey Hey Hey!


Because the cops is watchin the streets is talkin
Ya hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggaz aint loyal you niggaz aint lawyers
And everybody saw you and aint that a bitch!

And this here is the Carter oh! yo! And this here is the Carter yo! oh!
This one here is just to clarify the fact that I'm a muthafuckin mack
This one here is just to verify the fact that I got straps on my back
This one here is just to clarify the fact that the boy is back! Oh!


Slick as I wanna be born to be hustla gonna be rich till I'm gone
Gonna keep spittin this shit for the hustlaz gonna keep livin this shit I'm gutless
Bet I'm gonna reap this when I'm gone defeat this while I'm here
Gonna keep beatin this street shit in ya ear
Gonna speak in every single street this year 
My shit beat in every jeep on every street this year
Wizzle F Baby ya'll niggaz can have the Weezy I'm the Birdman Jr. junior
I'm a man to another man to a bitch I'm a pimp in the whip I'm a hundred grand
And in the streets I'm a money man
And I'm a hunt it with the streets I get money in the streets like a hundred men
A hundred proof in my other hand 
If ever fall spring back like a rubberband know what I'm sayin


Because the cops is watchin the streets is talkin
Ya hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggaz aint loyal you niggaz aint lawyers
And everybody saw you and aint that a bitch
The cops is watchin streets are talkin
Hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggaz aint loyal you niggaz aint lawyers
And everybody saw ya and aint that a bitch

 
Now all the bitches got me strollin wit my dick in my hand
And these niggaz got me rollin with my clip on my hip
But this is my land so prick dont trip cause K's dont jam and a nigga dont miss
They tellin me I'm the shit like a nigga dont piss
But nigga dont slip cause I'll kill a punk bitch Word Up!
And I dont affiliate with niggaz I dont love neither bitches just money and drugs nigga
Leave ya bitches ya money and drugs nigga
Three to ya wisdom five more to ya mug nigga
How many more do ya love nigga 
cause I got plenty more to give out I aint never been a mouthpiece
Ask ya reverend bout me I'm the young God
Aim the shotgun at ya frame and bust boy
Brain and guts leak in the drain and such pour
Plain yuk at a fuck boy. Fuck Boy! 



 
I'm a muthafuckin man so respect me as one or the tech meet ya ass son
The tech heat ya ass son put ya fuckin chest beneath ya ass son
Blooka blook blap bleep ya ass son 
Nigga tryin to see his grandson and we 
got niggaz in the pen tryin to see me wit a Grammy
Wanna be me and don't even understand me
Could'nt see me even if you was standin with me
I'm that damn convincing not invisible that mans invinsible
And advance a little due to the pine
My niggaz call me little Russell Crowe for my beautiful mind
And I let you do the time I do the crime
When the crowd call my name I bring my crew to the line
Nigga thats S.Q. and we fine nigga thats S.Q. and we firrin Nigga!



Ha! Wizzle F Baby fa ya muhfuckin neck nigga
Got Streets in da buildin Gotti in the buildin
KL Fee Fee in the buildin Rome DI lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









And in here is where the heroine boils
And I also got a large pot of cigarette or you that
Embalmment fluid illiterate are you
That's OK man I got the medicine for you
I got I got I got the infediment for you
Got that vitamin D R U G for you shorty
One window to let the dawn in
Cause we hustle in this bitch midnight to morning
We dump in and pump out
I showed you this window for you to jump out
You on the backyard lawn where a nigga got the ganja growing
No cats or dogs rats or snakes Sam's or Jakes
Round here its all gravy ham and steak
Mama cooking that up here have a plate
That's mama Carter she's a basket case
But I make sure her sandwich is a napkins straight
You pic wit this picnic and I'm at your face
I say I'm at your throat this was the carter slam the door lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Yeah... hard body 
Carter carter carter yeah
Let's go

Cash Money Young Money motherfuck the other side
They can fuck with us if they want I bring 'em homicide
Word to my momma I'm gonna continue bombing
'Til they getting out the game it's like coming out of a coma
I'm trying... but I'm normal when this rap shit gets boring
All I ask is that you pray for me 
And the beat keep crying and I'm gonna keep beating her
Fee I'm fucking her I'm deep in her sleep in her
And what happens when the reaper come 
I'm just hoping that he sends that elevator up
I made enough I ain't make shit
So while I'm here I'm gonna take that and take this 
Breakfast yes let's eat wipe you mouth when you finished
Then hunt for the lunch and dinner no beginner
To the criminal activity fuck with them they rushing in
Like Seminoles Indians no bow and arrows Harold
Just leaners Cheena just choppers Robert
Carter II tell me how is you gonna stop a riot
I lock and seal it up the best I could feel it 
I'm in the lead I can pop a wheelie 
Not for rookies late bloomers stay in the womb 
I'm here motherfucker make room... BOOM!
Young Tune the big kahuna
It's my ocean baby you all niggas is tuna
Better now than sooner junior
Fly around you city try tryna take a number two on you
I ain't going nowhere special I won't never leave
Shit I'm already a legend if I ever leave
Game get rid of me? Not little me
Man I got 'em I'm gonna get 'em B 
I'm hungry like I didn't eat
I want it like I didn't see a mill before seventeen
What the fuck you niggas telling me?
You pups can't keep up with the Pedigree
Catch me where the weather be somewhere in the seventies
Call myself settling palm trees Promethezine but what's new?
Sometimes I can't cut through that rough loop
Get fucked so many times 'til it's fuck you 
So how you wanna do it baby we can get it
All you gotta do is say it and I'm with it
Money and murder you my nigga my jelly preserver
I'm gonna ride baby 'til the judge give me a verdict yeah
Hear me or heard me I get it and serve it
'cause everytime I did it I hit it and hurt it yeah
Now I kill it the mission accomplished
The niggas abolished the bitches astonished
Then they pay homage when did they find it but
Now that they know it's a must I remind 'em so
They don't forget it I underline it and
I'm in the sky when the thunder's crying young'n
I been through all that I done done what you saying
I put it down when the other was playing
When the jungle was open I rolled in with the riders
Stole food from the bears and bought it back to the lions
Quote unquote with the eighth I'm a gorilla but lighter
With the eye of a tiger the heart of a fighter yeah
Start 'em lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Uh huh I'm back what cha uh whatcha gon do now?


I'm the Fireman
Fire Fa Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out


Ain't nobody fuckin with me man Heatman
Ski Mask spending next weeks cash he fast
And I don't even need a G pass I'm pass that
I'm passing em out now and you can't have that
And my chain Toucan Sam
That tropical colors you can't match that
Gotta be abstract
You catch my gal legs open betta smash that
Don't be surprise if she ask where the cash at
I see she wearing them jeans that show her butt crack
My girls can't wear that why that's where my stash at
I put my mack down that's where you lack at
She need her candlelit and I'ma wax that
I rekindle the flame
She remember the name
It's Weezy Baby January December the same
Mama gimme that brain
Mama gimme that good
Cause I'm the fireman
You hear the firetruck


I'm the Fireman
Fire Fa Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out

Fresh on campus it's the Birdman Jr
Money too long teachers put away ya rulers
Raw tune not a cartoon
No shirt tattoos and some war wounds
I'm hot but the car cool
She wet that's a carpool
Been in that water since a youngin you just shark food
Quick Draw McGraw I went to art school
Yeah the lights is bright but I got a short fuse
Don't snooze
Been handling the game so long my thumb bruise
Ya new girlfriend is old news
Yeen got enough green and she so blue yeah
Cash Money Records where dreams come true
Everything is easy baby leave it up to Weezy Baby
Put it in the pot let it steam let it brew
Now watch it melt don't burn ya self


I'm the Fireman
Fire Fa Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out

Ridin' by myself well really not really
So heavy in the trunk make the car pop-a-wheelie
Who? Weezy Baby or call me Young Baby
My money 360 you only 180
Half of the game too lazy
Still sleepin' on me but I'm bout to wake em
Yep! I'm bout to take em to New Orleans and bake em
Yeah it's hot down here take a walk with Satan yeah
Come on mama let The Carter make ya
Toss ya like a fruit salad strawberry-grape ya
They ball when they can and I'm ballin' by nature
Addicted to the game like Jordan and Payton
Yall in a race and me I'm at the finish line
They running for too long it's time to gimme mine
Straight down ya chimney in ya living room is I
Weezy allergic to wintertime... hot


I'm the Fireman
Fire Fa lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Mo Fi-ya Weezy Mo Fi- ya.. Mo Fi-ya I give her Mo Fi-ya


Why did he plot my fifty cup my city hot I'm dodgin the city cop
I play em' like pitty pat I'm kickin back I'm gettin stacks these bitches is really rats
I fuck em and give em back  I really mack  how real is that you love him you really wack
I hustle and bend my back
My muscle is in tact
My biceps and triceps is AYYYE YESSS


Mo Fi-ya Weezy Mo Fi- ya.. Mo Fi-ya I give her Mo Fi-ya


I Come at You  it's somethin new the color is smurf blue I'm puffin that purple believe it if I talk it I walk it like Hershel
I get it like it is on the commercial
Verse 2
this is Verse 2 it is worse too I'll mirk you like I birth you
you niggas small bubbles I'll burst you and spit you out and have your girlfriend slurp you
my jewelry earth blue some say its earth green I'm like whateva my shit mean and obscene
now I been seen on alotta different scene that mean I got alotta different creme


Mo Fi-ya Weezy Mo Fi- ya.. Mo Fi-ya I give her Mo Fi-ya


I raise mo fire to the man up higher I lick a shot to let him know that im a rider  my dreads hang to let him know that I'm a lion represent the
jungle when the others just tryin I represent my mother like baby stop cryin I know my papa gone but guarantee to see her shinin  now you are
lookin at New Orleans finest now you are being blinded by European diamond and you were seein 2 or 3 times and got your vision all fucked up now you
can't even find me and I ain't even hidin naw I'm right here baby she wanna walk witcha I'm like yea baby party man with the shotty to his head
rock-a-by his ass to sleep rock it lay him down to bed
I put you in my pocket right next to the condoms homie you ain't nuthin but a prop fish..


Mo Fi-ya Weezy Mo Fi- ya.. Mo Fi-ya I give her Mo Fi-ya
Mo Fi-ya Mo Fi-ya Weezy.. Mo Fi- ya I giver her lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Bring the crowd and I'm loud _In Living Colour_
It is Weezy fuckin' baby got these rappers in my stomach
Yumi lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Yeah vibe wit me sweetheart it aint hard
Ah fuck dem niggaz I aint worried bout dem
This Cash Money baby ya no what im takin bout
its the Carter II Kurupt holla at dem niggaz 


We won we won and then we shot that BB gun
they lost they lost we took they shit now its time to floss  


22 year old 17 war vet life in the fast lane little red corvette little red handkerchief hangin out the right side back pocket jeans fallin
cover my Evisu sign
yep we do shine and they gon hate but they hated G's is baby we wont break
so we ride like four perrelli's so s-cary no security no protectin no conparin lokin heavy  Oceans 11  aviators both taker so fakers no players im
hollygrove to the heart hollygrove from the start dont cross airheart boluvard or the war i come from 1-7 one shot never that blum blum blrrr blrrr
pop pop clap clap what the fuck hollygrove stand up nigga duck.




get em get em weezy hit em where you kill em easy sit em in the river leave em they find em tomorrow evenin sinkin im prolly drinkin that
syrup thinkin I wont slip even tho im leanin like a broke hip. he aint know I got the nina with the full clip thats a sommersault backspin full flip for
ya. push this button ill flip out and hit sumthin miss nuthin im just bustin until the scene clean. twelve hundred for the jeans stop playin a hundred
dollars for the glock in my pants who the man I am when I stand with it pointed right at your face knock your brains from the back of your neck for lack
of respect I strap a jet black gat to the death tell my momma to bury me with that no bullshit my hood gettin kinda crazy where I be so rony's wit me
cause he's the O.G.




Fresh out the backseat of the figgity Phantom the hater I make em madder when I wave at em like  if it aint bout money I keep goin
im tryin to get that green im tryin to mow my lawn. 
But fuck them boys I got the shoty on my armor
If them boys run up I leave they bodies on the lawn 
and duck the fuck outta there cause baby its hotter there if this was a movie its time to roll the credits  its all over all of your brains are all over the
mother fuckin block im a mother fuckin rock hard body Eagle street 17 shots night vision double clip hot steady beam glock pop drop little man drop this is not for little bitches you man or a fox im layin in the drop thinkin of more money Cash Money young money take money your money




hahaha yeah lock & load ya know I thought they knew it was really real daddy yeah homeboy my mother fuckin wristband was 300
dollars no lie Dolce & Gabbana they should pay me for sayin that shit so is my jeans they wasnt 300 but they Dolce too yeah we won mother fucker we
winnin over here thats right hey somebody call gordon tell him pull up front open the doors suicide lets ride out you got money you know what the
fuck im takin bout if ya dont keep thinkin if you can do that your losin streak is goin up why?
Cause we here and I’ll fuck this up today lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Oh No No Oh No No
Oh No No Oh No No Oh No No

I play the bullshit from the backseat champ
Yea I'm in the backseat still got the seat back
Feet back stay from where the fake be at
Niggas snitch for the shine where the patience at
Nigga make his own brother face his back
Give love and take it back
Good grief man this world is quite heavy on my aching back
Cops killing for crack you know the story snakes eat rats
Face the facts you can't change him can't shoot it if you can't aim it
Can't miss him if he kill you then you can't blame him
That's just how the dice roll when you can't fade him
Get too deep up in that water and they can't save ya
Me I come out of that water like I was just bathing
And watch my step on a wet pavement
Yea I'm from the hood so I rep 'em where I can't take em
Holly Grove Holly Grove was his last statement
So nigga get that look off your face
And recognize you got a crook in the place
They call me W-E-E crooked letter Y I'm so high
I skeet skeet in any nigga dime like she's mine
Street sweeper in the back of the hatch make me pop the latch
Leave you bloody with the cops to match
Bullet holes in ya speakers from the chopper blast
Like... Ha ha
That's bullet holes in your sneakers got you hopping back
It all stop when they hit you in ya top and back
No cocking back silly motherfucker you ain't heard bout this
The clip sink down to the dick
That's a automatic shotty from a drum they call tommy
Guaranteed to get you bitches from by me
When I hit every piece of ya visible body he leakin'
Mortimer is no longer leapin' he sleepin'
While you pussy niggas is sleeping he thinking
Deep in thought the boy ain't even winkin'
Bob Marley got me stinking
Stacking figures I'm standing firm life's a slinky
Pipes is filled with crack cocaine
And the dope go inside of the veins from where I came
Though I bear a name only one call live with
Coach they won't knock me off my pivot forget it
I'm sicker with it
Pick a city buy a condo find a fine hoe let some time go chill
What you know about a bongo having her mind go
Over a convo about dough
Nothing! Man the four wheelers look so good on the sand
Tee or tanktop pocket fan
No pocket knife no handgun in sight
Just that rat tat tat tat tat tat tat tat BOOM!
Ha ha tonight I might just boost my feature price
Cause to each its own and the lights is bright
And I'm feeling like Mike at a Tyson fight
I'm from Cita house big momma's house
She told me to shoot ya right after I knock ya out
And he ain't getting up after them shots if you hit him in the right spot
Hold up the beat might drop


Oh No No Oh No lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









What's up baby?

I ain't trying to do nothing but get me grown man on

I ain't trying to hurt you

Only if you want me to 

Yea something like that


Yea What's happenin' baby I'm Lil Wayne from New Orleans
Fresh out the navy now the captain of my own team
Hop in this machine vanish from the scene
Goddamn it I'm so mannish
Handle it like a standard
So put yo panties and yo pants my the trash can
Romance on the floor plans 
We hold hands while we rollin' just trying to keep up wit the program
Just trying to sneak up on ya like how you doing maam
I'm a old soul and a young man we got to it and
We didn't stop 'til the birds hit the block
And she ain't never had it like that 


Girl... you are... so fine
I wish that I could get you over here girl
Tonight... so I... can get my grown man on wit you 


You don't know about it how I'm a grown man
You don't know about it how I'm a grown man
You don't know about it how I'm a grown man
You don't know about it how I'm a grown man


Now I don't really hit the club but tonight I'll make an exception
For some reason I can't seem to keep my eyes out your direction
I'm lookin' at you so hard I could probably catch a charge
Feelin' the way you walk when you move yo booty applaud 
I gotta keep my composure
I gotta attack my mission and handle business like a soldier
Young man young money but the money long currency the hot spitta so grown
And yo perception of me is so wrong
Don't worry bout what you heard bout me and them other birds
Might have done a little dirt and left a few of them hurt
But whatever has occurred they all got what they deserved
And you don't rock like that um I can see it in yo eyes
If you ain't good for me then you wearing a disguise
Cause tonight you lookin' like miss right
And I swore to be a player for life but I'll change for you




You ain't no woman you a baby girl living in the ladies world
And I'm a grown man the women understand
See what I go through is what I owe you
So you should throw that ass back to me right now 
Fly boy baby sit back relax and cruise wit a nigga destination satisfaction
Whose is it baby she say weezy fucking baby
I say yes in-fucking-deed she say don't you ever leave
I say I say but I got money on my mind
Then I tell her never mind and we do it one more time 
For a large amount of time long and won't stop 'til daytime come home 




Damn look that.. o that right there that's the sunset girl get your visor where those Chanell shades I get you you always losing things
and I'm always buying new things  I come a long way huh remember... remember that block look at you you think you all grown


You ain't no woman you a baby girl living in the ladies world
And I'm a grown man the women understand
See what I go through lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









I tried to talk to him
Quit talkin I'ma hang ya by your tongue Yea
Any motormouth could get hung high
We don't fuck wit niggaz like fungi
We don't even hear ya
Hollerin bullshit nigga quit the diaherra
Pistol lie inside of the armrest um yes
Lay a nigga down in his own mess don't mess
Playa fuck around wit the homeless charmless
You can leave out here armless no homies
Honest you niggaz is harmless
I'm calm as a Don is supposed to 
Costa Nostra don't ever approach him
Don't get close to him
Shootouts and nothin but rock n roll to him
Leave your blood on the dash call it rose wood
'Nother murder 'Nother page out the notebook
It ain't nothin it don't make it if you no good
I tried to talk to him but then a nigga had to


Hit 'em up Hit 'em up
I ain't even wanna hit 'em up really I was tryna be calm
But uh that chopper Rrrot put his head in his arms
And man I tried to talk to him I tried to talk to him

Hit 'em up Hit 'em up
I ain't even wanna hit 'em up fuck it make a nigga get loose
He had too much talkin not enough Deuce'
I tried to talk to him I tried to talk to him

Hit 'em up Hit 'em up
I ain't even wanna hit 'em up hit 'em up
I ain't even wanna hit 'em but I hit 'em up 
I tried to talk to him I tried to talk to him


Y'all take them shoes off your teeth
Stop runnin your mouth
No shoes no feet I'll run in your mouth
I'll come to your house me and my goons
Loadin up bangers ridin under the moon
Throwin up fingers sayin 
If a nigga disagree that's when my side prove
That Maybach coupe a cock-eyed fool
And I'm  hoe aren't I cool
But if that thermostat switch and that needle move
Then the attitude switch and the heat'll move
I got that Shakita banana clip for the tool
Me the disaster pity the fool eat a catastrophe
Swallow the truth belch reality
How does it taste Pie to your face You a bitch nigga
All pussy stop comin out your lips nigga
I tried to talk him but then a nigga had to




Real talk boy chill wit the talk boy
That tommy gun'll tear your neighborhood apart boy
Yeah leave your feelings in your heart boy
Start with the wrong boy you end wit a stone boy
Wit your friends to carry you alone
To a concrete mattress and a fluffy tombstone
Fuck discussion I ain't in to it boy
I just get to it let's do it rip through a boy
Big uzi tissue the boy
I'm inside lookin out you just an intruder boy
You need sooches on your smooches boy
But I tried to talk to him lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









So you made it this far Heh
We upstairs I let you up here
You special Marley don't shoot
You know what this is?
Still The Carter 2 people 
Yeah you still in the carter 2 people
Hey yeah


All I have in this world is a pistol and a promise
A fist full of dollars a list full of problems
I'll address them like P.O. Boxes
Yeah I'm from New Orleans the Creole cockpit
We so out of it zero tolerance
Gangsta gumbo I'll serve 'em a pot of it
I'm wealthy still fucking wit that block shit
Wet your ass up head to feet til your socks drip
Don't slip you might fall and bust your ass
No snakes at the carter tell the gardener to cut the grass
I hear 'em but they talking under mass
Stop throwing pebbles at a bulletproof glass
That's Cash Money honey pie
We ain't running we don't hide screaming fuck the other side
Don't get caught on it this the dailiest grind
I'll put your heart on it and walk on it
The chalks only for the art homie
How they trace ya after I erase ya?
Look around we at war and you still in preparation
I'm riding for them reperations No patience
Slow paper is better than no paper
Fast money don't last too long you gotta pace it
You gotta know that paper
If you got it from a caper you gotta blow that paper
Gotta know that photo phobia no Kodak moments
Feds walls with my pictures on 'em
Nah I ain't even in the school yearbook
I don't do too much posing got a cool killer look
Career crook get your career took
I'm back like a brizeer hook
Bitch cheer camouflage gear the hunter's here
Better play it by ear you ain't nothing but a deer
Around here and this here is The Carter
Serve it while it's hot out the pot to your mama
And Slim tell me ain't nobody hotter
But get your boys some different sauce I want the whole enchilada
I got 'em by the collar lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Goddamn
Missed and hit a nigga in his head with this one
I'm gonna paint the city red with this one
I'm gonna head with this one
See you fucking with the boys who tote toys way before Christmas.
No assistance  That persistence me. That commitment if - I don't get it somebody gonna die tonight -
I know my vibe is tight - And I deserve the throne - if the kid ain't right - then let me die in his souls.
I'll be riding 
Riding alone
with my daddy on my mind like you gotta be kidding
How the hell you ain't here to see your prince do his thing?
Sometimes I wanna drop a tear but no emotions from a king
Shall be
So I be who I be
That's me that's Weezy F. Baby and
Please say the motherfucking
So I be who I be
That's me that's Weezy F. Baby and
Please say the motherfucking


Baby you gotta know that I'm just out here doing what I gotta do for me and you and we eating
So bitch
Why the fuck is you tripping?
I'm taking these chances
My head to the sky
My feet on the ground
My fingers to the judge if the money don't move
And I won't budge
Won't budge
No I won't budge no
Nall


Money is the motivation
Facing the avenue
Back touchin' the wall
Got the weed
Got the gun
Gotta run wen I hear that bird call  dang
Hop in that thing and merk off
swerve off
you know me they call me Birdman Jr.
Ne body murderer
Birdman sponsor it
Phantom of the opera
All black - clock tent - locked in
I can let them shots out
you can't get no shots in
Bullet proof
Leave a nigga with a bullet proof
Shoot you in your mouth and call it bullet tooth
I'm like what they do
What to do
There's a full court
Pressure I'm just going for the two
If I'm open for the three
I'm gonna take it in a second
Even if there's one second and
I'm gonna make it. It's nothing
I don't take it for granted
I don't take it for nothing.
I take it for what it is worth to the durf motherfucker





I ain't never killed nobody I promise
I promise if you try me
you gonna have to rewind this track and make me go back that nigga go that
That boy will lay flat so flat
That act is what I perform amongst you haters
Got Nina in my palm and I'm masturbating 
Peter Pan flies 'til I die what you saying
Baden ape Yves Saint Evisu is what I stand
Got me feelin' like Scarface like the Koheba
Streets reply I look right in the for seater
You know I be out here riding the for seater
Top floor of the for Seasons four of them whores
And they all know how to cook it up
And look I got some
And only one know how to bag lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









It's kinda hard sayin this shit to ya face
So I do it over snares and bass
Music take me away


Young boy I know you love me like you never loved
You know you couldnt find a better thug
And uh you been peepin me since I was younger
So young that you even called me your little brother
But I'm all grown up now I got my own money
I'm married and divorced and my daughter is a woman
And guess what? my daughter want another
Sister or a brother and you lookin like a mother
I took you from a clubber to a lover
And you took another bitch husband
The other bitch wasnt doin shit for him
She say she did too much I say she did nothin
She need to quit frontin
I havent hid nothin and you love everything
Cant hide ya feelings can't let my pride conceal it
You got Wayne I charge it to the game
And baby you can keep the change but...


I gotta hold on hold on to my receipt
To redeem your love that's exactly what I need
 - 


Destiny Child CD song number three
She cater to me till we fall asleep
Then we wake up and we pick up where we started
Then she make a nigga breakfast sprite orange juice and water
And she on stage waitin for me after my show
So no time for groupies straight to the top flo'
Fresh out the shower a smile and a towel
Then after an hour she gon need another shower
I'm at home or in the coupe or in the office
Or the streets or in the booth thinkin bout you
And most of the girls that come by are cute
And they try to holla but they all on mute
And my old girls turn they face up at me
And they thrown they purses and they make up at me
Cuz you got Wayne I charge it to the game
And baby you can keep the change but...




Come home smellin food on the stove
She done cleaned the whole house
Washed the dishes and the clothes
And we out we do it just how we supposed
Look good for the public leave the drama in the Rolls
Royce choice of car dat we move
And she gets high sometimes 'cause I'm always doin' it
You hear them hallways we always doin it
Work cut always feel like the first one
Perfect when a nigga stressed off dat work shit
Take away all the pain make it lesser than dirt
That's why you got Wayne lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Yea yea yea
Weezy baby y'all don't get shot
Rappin' fire what you know about it
I brought my homie along for the ride
He strapped he came here to come out the barrel


I heard some shouts like 
Then even louder we got shooters shooter
I turn around I was starin' at chrome
Shotgun watches door got security good
Jumped right over counter
Pointed gun at wink he tell her
I'm your shooter shooter shooter

My hands up my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh shooter

 (I think they want me to surrender but no I can't do it) 


So many doubt 'cause I come from the South
But when I open up my mouth all bullets come out
Bang! Die bitch nigga die I hope you bleed a lake
I'ma play x-ray helpin' y'all see the fake
I'm just tryin' to be the great tryin' to get a piece of cake
Take it offa your plate eat it right in your face
They got a whole lot to say but I don't listen
Call me automatic Weezy bitch I keep spittin' pow


With all these riches and all these riches
But ain't no loaners around
They thinkin about shooters that-shooters that
Guns-Girls-Ladies that-Gunners that
Shoot shoot shoot shoot shooter

Put my hands up
They want me with my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh shooter

But I'm not
I just cry mama I think they hey
Me think they want me to surrender 


And to the radio stations I'm tired o' being patient
Stop bein' rapper racists region haters
Spectators dictators behind door dick takers
It's outrageous you don't know how sick you make us
I want to throw up like chips in Vegas
But this is Southern face it
If we too simple then y'all don't get the basics


Lady walks into a shotgun surprise
Dropped to her knees saw her life before her eyes
He said  everybody gon regret it
I'm your shooter

My hands up my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh shooter

 (Me won't surrender me no pretender)


Sock soakin' wet I been runnin' y'all
I reload every hundred yards I'm comin' forward
Better know me Lil Wayne just call me lord
Hard take pain like Tylenols raw
Way past par for I'm some shit you never saw
I take you to the shootout baby win lose or draw
And then they ask who when where how
And my reply was simply pow!

Mama I think they hey me think they want me to surrender
(Shooter my hands up my hands up they want me to surrender)


No me won't surrender no lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Yeah... ma gurl get in at 1:15 am
The guitar's crying right now
Just a couple things going on in my life you know


Brim leaning cup tilted blunt flicking
Get money fuck bitches
Young Weezy young pimping she love it
I keep going she keep cumin what you know bout it
So bout it...like Master P... but no coward
No I am no Howard the duck duck
Lead showers black flowers
Black dresses two hours closed casket
Ma dough tactics is so crafty
No laughter I do that after I get the dough bastards
I get the dough faster what if I flowed faster
Like... oh Nancy the flow's plastic automatic I'm
More drastic ain't no names compared to me
Who are you where are ya I can't see ya air to me
Ya not there to me I ain't fucking wit you bitch niggaz
I'm fucking ya sis nigga it's Weezy


If you gon' call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all


I'm... slick as an old mac I'm... sick as a prozac
And... the Carter 1 was the... dick for you hoes trapped
And... this is Tha Carter 2 and... this is the bozack
Digging you hoes back quick if I blow back
Got it... gone Rabbit
Fast ma daddy's Rabbit at home
What up pa  what up Pac  what up Pun 
What up Big  what up Solja
As the streets get colder I get chillier
What up Left Eye  what up Aaliyah 
Teck 9 close by touch 'em up
I shoot niggaz in the mouth boy pucker up
Sweet sucker tash gee golly what the fuck
Where the hell all these new pussy rappers come from
I chew 'em up like bubble gum... yum yum
Young Weezy so troublesome what what


If you gon' call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all


I ain't talking fast you just listening too slow
I'm... getting them Benjamins
Can serve like the Wimbledon
If I'm in any predicament nervous never that
Got a gat to knock whoever back back very flat
Chest... caved in mess on the pavement
Splat... cherry wax rrraaahhh... bury that
Rats... scary cat rrraaattt carry that
Hollygrove trigga man guns in a knapsack
Area code five zero four I ain't Nino fucking Brown
And... this is Tha Carter ho this is a quarter stick
This in ya garter ho leave out the back and go straight to the corner store
Return with the cake come wit all ma dough
And if not they find you in a lake in the morning ho
Weezy Baby please say the baby
If not don't ya motherfucking say it at all lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Yeah
Ok I'm strapped
Get 'Em
Black Hat Black Shades Black Diamonds Oh Behave
No he can't with the fuckin seats back
Got the paint job tho
And the fuckin seats cracked


I'm a d-boy
Bitch I'm a d-boy
Ho I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the rov for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket
I got money in my block
I got the money in the power

I'm a d-boy
Bitch I'm a d-boy
Ho I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the rov for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket
I got money in my block
I got the money in the power
I'm Gone


Thinkin' of a masta plan
I get money but I'm thinkin of a fasta plan
I'm tryin' to cash it in
I got 5 in thet garbage can and the Wrap Saran
I need cash advance
See I know three sold
The other two a jam
I'ma sit on one and whip the other one much as I can
Hot ass fuckin sadan
Windows rolled down no sound
Them bricks got the speakers drowned
I ain't listenin for shit but sirens
I ain't tryin to get to my ships sunk fuck you pirates
I'll touch you cowards
It ain't nuthin to a boss
The niggaz in the hood tryina floss and ya head gotta cost nigga
Take a loss nigga
SS five five all black with the top chopped off dat
Catch me in the spots where the shots pop off at
I ain't tryin to prove nuttin I'm jus tryin to move somen




See we cookin' up a thousand grams
I'm in the kitchen over the stove with pots and pans
Triple color with the platinum jam
50 birds homeboy in the back of a van
A hundred grand in rubberbands
We got them birds in the coffee cans
We got the whips wit the extra clips
Got bitches outta state niggaz flippin them bricks
Been in the caddy been in the alley
Nigga been on the block
Right in front of Mrs. Gladdies
Nigga know bout hustlin'
Know bout stuntin
Did the curb servin shyned every summer 
Been on front been in the back
Nigga roll wit ducktape and ride wit the mac
We see these haters like fuck them niggaz
We made men millionaire hustlin our nature




8 AM open my eyes
Yeah kick my bitch tell her open the blinds
And I'm lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









So "Little Wayne" whats your motivation?


Is that really a question
Do you really have that written down in your notepad
You should be ashamed of yourself
You smell me girl
I smell like money
See thats what they don't understand 
To me it was always get money or die
I come up under Birdman the Number One Stunner
You know what I mean I'm stunner junior thats all I know thats all I ever knew
Get money or get nothing you know what I'm saying
And I feel that way
Foreal


So hard I go I keep pushing
The game so crazy I'm in it like deep pussy
I got chip from trying to get the whole cookie
Used to make a thousand dollars everytime I played hookie
Dwayne Carter absent keep looking
I'm present on the block
I'm a legend on the block
Ice so bright like heaven on the watch
Yea nigga I done dropped one eleven on the watch
So watch and see what I do
Breeze by you so fast got you sneezing hachoo
They got the shivers 'mayne I got the fever
I got to bring the hood back after Katrina
Weezy F. Baby now the F is for FEMA
Sick nigga bitch I spit that Leukemia
Yea no cure no help 
So me so good so hard so felt
Feel me


And thats just my point right there
Thats what I'm always trying to stress know what I'm saying 
If you don't understand me if you don't feel me then you ain't real
In my eyes and thats all that count to me you know


So is your music considered the voice of urban America or America period


I mean I would say the voice of the hood 'cause thats who I speak for
And myself you know what I mean my family thats who I represent
My hommies my girl my life you know


C'mon bang this shit nigga pump my shit
You gotta bang that wimp and go and dump that bitch
You gotta claim that strip and go and flood that bitch
You gotta aim that shit and straight bust that shit
Like motherfuck them niggas what they wan-do I'm ready
Tevin Campbell no homo black rambo
Fucking with the boy baby thats a cambo
If he won in vegas leave him on the crap table
I'm willing and I'm able to come run up in your stable
Like nobody make a sound where the paper where the paper
Gotta get it gotta have it
Once I got it I'mma spend it
Then its back to doing any damn thing just to get it
The re-ups be like birthday parties
No room to park the cars in the garages
So outside the cribs all you see is arayis
If I ain't say it right fuck it I ain't foreign
Feel me


And see thats where everybody get me wrong at you know what I mean
I got that heat rock foreal


Why do you think other rappers lack the impact of your music


Thats because they ain't got that heat rock like me you know what I mean
They ain't spitting like me
They spitting but know what I mean they ain't got colds
I got the flu over here man foreal
I need relief y'all help me
I know y'all sick of me 'cause I'm tired of y'all foreal


And based on the bank I'm doing much better than alot of these niggas
I'm tired of these niggas
Yawning when I see them make me stretch and pull the burner
I'm cocking back and passing
They catch 'em in they sternum
Ooh ooh that gone probably burn ya
That gone probably learn ya
To never ever ever - ever ever ever come around here no more
Rich gangsters over here you gotta die with the broke bitch
I'm the God I should ride with the Pope
But the boy so hood I just ride with my hoe yeah
Yeah and tell 'em bout Hollygrove
Tell 'em bout my last show
Tell 'em bout my last hoe
You know just born to mack
Call me Dione Sanders bring the corner back yeah
I'm in my prime niggas falling back
Thats right I'm comming baby yeah hard as crack
Feel Me


And thats just what it is nigga
If you don't like my shit then fuck you and your shit man straight up
Thats how I was tought thats how I was brought up
and thats how I'mma go down
Cash-Money Young-Money in your motherfucking throat bitch
Swallow slow
Weezy F. Baby this interview is over lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Yea real rap real rap fo ya
Lighters up lets get 'em


Thooouugh though I'm missin you 
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible 
Gooonnee...I know you gon live on (cry momma ya momma)
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya and I miss ya


Stay strong be tough that's what the preacher tell ya
He never really felt ya so he can't even help ya
Need a shoulder to lean on somebody to cry to
It's like everything's gone but I'm a survivor
Standin on stage in front of thousands
Don't amount to me not havin my father
That's real talk I know a lot of y'all got 'em
But you need 'em way more when you gotta go without 'em
And I'm without 'em but that's life y'all
Sometimes you gotta learn to swim with no lifeguard
I'm alright God shit I'm still breathin
But lose hurt like bullets I'm about to start bleedin
Throw me down some comfort cause my heart need it
Tryin to cope wit my chances and meet 'em
There's a dark road ahead but I'm tryin to take it easy
Rest in peace Lil Beezy my nigga


Thooouugh though I'm missin you
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible
Gooonnee...I know you gon live on
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya and I miss ya
(I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
but I'm a soldier so I gotta over can't stay sober I'm just tryin to get over)


Smoke cush all day and pop painkillers
Fuck who don't understand it this what the game did us
This what the streets showed us
This how the block made us the same block where they layed 'em
I pray every time I cross the spot on the pavement save me
Lord will I be next for the taking? Take me
I know I'm livin like I know when I'm comin
But I'm just livin cause I know that it's comin
And the end is comin but I ain't runnin
I and hidin and duckin I'm in the middle of a war I'm alive and love it
I'm just speakin from the heart of the diein public
We still beatin we gon rise above it
Though it seem like they cheatin and we loosin
We survive if nothin they could never take the stride from strugglin
I gotta ride
And sometimes that ride get bloody
But I just think about my buddy and go after that money but uhh..


Ohhh we gotta get over we gotta get over gotta get over
it's almost over and we gon be alright
(I gotta get over I gotta get over cause bitch I'm a soldier)


Straight Patrone out the bottle to the head now
We gettin read now bitch my nigga dead now
And all the things I never said I gotta say it now
I shoulda said it then now I gotta talk to clouds
Now I gotta walk around brim down
Just tryin to find my way to the next day escape
Ya birthday could be ya death date
So I'm livin like it was just yesterday let's pray
Ten fingers together can't bring 'em together
It's murda murda I don't think it get better
So be a competitor or get out the weather
Me? I got a umbrella and a berretta
I'm just tryin to make sure my daughter future progressin
And behind that I'm shootin excessive trust me
The beautiful dead we livin wit the ugly
I just tell my pops wait for me I'm comin


Thooouugh though I'm missin you
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible
Gooonnee...I know you gon live on
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya and I miss ya
(I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
but I'm a soldier so I gotta over can't stay sober I'm just tryin to get over)

(I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
but I'm a soldier so I gotta over
can't stay sober I'm just tryin to get over) 

They ask me why I wear shades at nighttime...cause I don't wanna see nothin! Yea..
Like I said life ain't nuttin but a long extended road keep drivin
I done passed up plenty people up on the side of road no help keep goin
Yea...Lost a lot of passengers on the ride lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









We here
I said we here
The back of Tha Carter
The back of Tha Carter....Two....Ooooh
Yea....This here is....the end of Tha Carter Two people
HEY! HaHa.Yea


I got the game on ball and chain
I threw the key in the train
I'm like the key in the truck
I spent a G on these frames though my vision is priceless
Seeing through you niggaz like a fuckin psychic
Hearing through the grapevine niggaz wanna hate mine
Say my name and die in the daytime
You catch my drift man you better be Peyton
Boy the heats on they make a peace bond
I'm in this bitch throwing up the seventeenth sign
Straight frowns no daps strapped three times
A Tec-11 AK 47 one Beretta ready for whatever
Tell them pussy niggaz come together
Heavy wetter nigga super soaker wetter nigga
Six feet under flowers you ain't nothing but a petal nigga
I'm just a little nigga trying to be a civil nigga
Thirty years old shit that'll be a different nigga
Quit it Wayne your Mom is listenin
But she ain't really trippin 'cause the pots is pissed in
Them niggaz trippin until the shots whistling'
Hear them bullets sizzle like a cobra at attention
I gotta bitch and quit callin women bitches
As long as she don't worry 'bout the coke in the kitchen
No preventing the crime I gotta get it
I'm admitted to the game true playa no quittin
There you go shittin on a way a nigga thinkin
Only history I know is Benjamin Franklin
And since the future ain't promised to no one
I live everyday like this is the sure one
Train in the tidal wave this is the ocean
Stand in the heat 'til the mother fuckin snow come
And it feels so fuckin good
Throw my dope like a rope let them tug and pull
No hope for the hopeless rats and roaches
Runnin cross the porch in the attic there's a fortune
Come and get it automatics in motion
We bangin for the bread nigga even the molded
I got my loaf I got my toast
Chaperone of the south lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Yea Haha Drama I'm Back
Dedication 2
I ain't Even Waitin On 'Em I'ma Get 'Em Now

Get 'Em

My block pumpin and I'm tryin to keep that hoe pumpin
If niggaz snitchin them I let them niggaz hold......
Get Get Get 'Em 

My block pumpin and I'm tryin to keep that hoe pumpin
If niggaz snitchin them I let them niggaz hold sumthin
If a nigga owe sumthin need a doctors note from 'em

Or his throat from 'em
These lil niggaz thinkin they fresh get whipped out ya clothes youngin
I got it all but I'll beat you like you stole sumthin
My bitch trippin she say I treat her like my old woman
I tell the bitch I'm probably better off with no woman
Yea I get that brand new money
I'm the boss bitch I'm touchin every dollar thats comin
Stop playin I kno wat I'm doin
Let me get 'em

I hope his kids not with 'em
Yall motherfuckers kno me I'm a rider in the side of the south
Got the money in the matress and the guns in the couch

Wat up
Puttin out cockroaches in the ashtray
Its payday till my last day
Yea

Walkin that line with alot on my mind
I get that money never droppin a dime
I don't hate never not on my time
I'll put that little red dot on ya mind
Talkin that crime but alot of 'em lyin
Im caught on the grind never get off my grind
Ima pimp to these hoes not a pimp in my mind nah
And everybody kno I'm sharp when I ride
Hop out that new Ferrari with that little horse on the side yea
Zoom Zoom bitch ride a nigga broom witch
Have a key wet stinkin up your whole room bitch
Now break out the perfume bitch
And niggaz come from out that beach I'm in that water like a cruise ship
Straight up tell all my dudes this
1 Pistol 2 Clips I aim at lips
Wayne that shit shit on y'all
Given to you from the Guard
I Am The Guard



Yeaa money on my mind money money on my mental
Super super soaker wet a nigga like a swim suit
I think they sippin on that 'I Can Fuck With Him Juice'
Test me if ya wanna bad man I knock a limb loose
I ain't never scared I'm protected everywhere
And if a nigga disrespect me then he shall be very dead
Thats my word gotta urge to hit a nigga and swerve
And them birds in the trigger shot down to my feet
Its me motherfucker whats better to see
And when ya greeted like me ain't nothin better then beef
See I would meet each one of you niggaz in the street
Then eat - and pick you little bitches out my teeth
Shout out to the green and red stiches in my teeth nigga
With no Gucci I'm a double chief nigga
My brothers you have send lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Freeway Willie The Kid Detroit Red Juice)




Howdy do motherfuckas it's Weezy Baby
Niggaz bitchin' and I gotta tote the 
Listen close I got duct tape and rope
I leave you missing like the fucking O'bannons
One hand on my money one hand on my buddy
That's the AK-47 make his neighborhood love me
Bullets like birds you can hear them bitches humming
Don't make that bird shit he got a weak stomach
Niggaz know I'm sick I don't spit I vomit got it?
One egg short of the omelet
Simon says shoot a nigga in his thigh and leg
And tell him catch up/ketchup like mayonnaise
Um I'm the sickest nigga doing it bet that baby
These other niggas dope I'm wet crack baby
Yes get back get back boy this a set back
Clumsy ass niggas slip and fall in to a death trap
Them boys pussy born without a backbone
And if you strapped we can trade like the Dow Jones
Wet em up I hope he got his towel on
I aim at the moon and get my howl on
Some niggaz cry wolf I'm on that dry kush
And when it come to that paper I stack books
You heard what I said
I can put you on your feet or put some money on ya head
Life ain't cheap you better off dead if you can't pay the fee
Shout out my nigga Fee
See every motherfucka at the door don't get a key
Ya outside lookin' in so tell me what you see
It's about money it's bigger than me
I tell my homies don't kill him bring the nigga to me
Yeah don't miss you fucking with the hitman
Kidnap a nigga make him feel like a kid again


Straight up I ain't got no conversation for you
Nigga talk to the 
Yeah have a few words with the 
Yeah tell it to my motherfucking 
Yeah straight up I ain't got no conversation for you
Nigga talk to the 
Yeah have a few words with the 
Nigga tell it to my motherfucking 


From Philly to where I'm landing I'm a 
And I'm on that Philly fighting shit
And I come fully equipped
You trolley get bodied keep nina and shotty in the whip
If a nigga try to stick me I'ma blam him
Sing along now di-di-dadi I'm Free
Got the butters got the green he got the tan
Got the whole enchilada
Owe me dough I'm inside of ya house
Tie up ya brother make the prick call up ya mother
She might know where to find you
I am... on top of my job
The heavyweight champ of the flowas
Flow like the ocean open water ya drowning
I will... four-pound him and sink him
Heat him then leave him stinking
Sharks surround him and eat him nice to know him
I will... roll over your squad like I'm  Carr
You chumps you best call General Motors
I will... take control of your soldiers
You won't miss 'em 'til I toss em in the wok like chicken
General Tso/toast em uh-oh!


I make it hard for rap niggaz I'm peer pressure
Matter fact I'm motivation to rap better
I showed niggaz how to act how to dress better
I stay fresh more fitted caps than back catchers
I'm the crack the smack the gun the rule
The gat the strap the gun the tool
The motherfucking 
Other words I'm the real for real
We can go check for check or bill for bill
We can go chick for chick or skill for skill
The deal is sealed niggaz ain't real as Will
'Cause I'm a 
And I handle well pedal like Cannondale
And I got the 50-cal mag its a handheld 
I'm telling you niggaz I pop put a shell in you niggaz
My nice watch'll Helen Keller you niggaz
I got whores in the Canon camcorder bendin' over
Blowing 'ghan by the quarter
Weed odor in the Rover nigga


Detriot Red gettin' change like them white folks
Dump it out the window of the Range with the rifle
Pain like a bitch like the first day of a cycle
You better scurry when I pull the 
Tracks burn the streets like a truck do the gas
I love head and caressing a voluptuous ass
I ask ya baby mama is she up to the task
She like "Damn Red it's bigger than "
My attire makes the ladies say ya man is too fly
Imported oils from Iran and Dubois
Get caught slipping with ya mans and you die
Where I'm from niggaz be quick to squeeze the 
Detroit Red always got some shit for ya ear
Show me love but keep it moving man 'cause you if you get near
I'll say  and tell ya bitch to 
'Cause you sweating me and my DJ Don 


Legs spread far out you know how I'm standing
Yeah I'm posted with the big homie 
I got niggaz who don't like rap lovin' our shit
We got niggaz who was stuck on Pac bumpin' our shit
These niggaz can't see me like I ain't been around lately
A good batter when they at the mound its gravy
Niggaz salty I'm pepper no Spinderella
Just a cigarillo filled with Tropicana
Yeah Vic found that lick now we not smoking no more regular
Keep ya mid-grade I don't think you know no better
They love  now they wanna hear more shit
I play it modest like 
Got niggaz I aint never met wanting to fight me
Got hoes thats in love asking 
Bitch I'm married to the game and I love my wifey
Steppin' over competition man I love these Nikes
Yeah I'm hot they fannin'
Niggaz try to copy my style like the 
Don't try to compare I'm in a league of my own
If I ain't listed at the top nigga the stats is wrong
All the data is off lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









That's why you bitch won't a real nigga like me 
She want to give that pussy to a real nigga like me 
I be pimping them hoes I be pimping them hoes I be pimping them hoes pimp pimping them hoes
I be working them bitches I be working them bitches I be working them bitches work working them bitches


Weezy F. Baby the motherfucking carter
Bitches on my stick put my name in Harry Potter
They think I'm very hotter you girl say the same
and since we like to travel she lets us run a train
And my deep hits put me in the hall of fame
I make her turn over everytime we play the game
Your boy Wayne ask them niggas I came
in a Ferrari Jaguar switching both lanes
Living room in the kitchen on a plane
I get from A to B so comfortable I
Do my thang you all niggas so plain
I'm so fly call me soul plane




To him I'm a killer to her I'm a lover
I always wear a mask and I always wear a rubber
Yeah I'm from the hood but my crib in the suburbs
They love a nigga VIBE so that's why I got the cover
My nigga mac maine is like a brother from another
We're from the same hood we will kill a motherfucker
We eat your niggas lunch and to bitches I'm supper
She ask me to go down I'm like as long as I fuck her
I wear I lot of diamonds see baby I'm a stunner
so ride a niggas dick ah baby bear hummer
And homie you can have her cause I don't really won't her you put the dick in her I put the dick son her




I'm hotter than firer she wetter than a bitch
These niggas really pussy and I'm harder than my dick
I show to much love for you to be a hatter
I ain't home everyday but I'm getting my paper
I know what's going on 'cause I'm creator
and since I'm so early holla at um later
I sound like sex coming through the fadder lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Cover my tracks like butter so where da bread be
I see beef as dead meat 
Who dat the president yea me 
no one scare me
And you ain't gotta double dare me hear me
Loud and clearly rats aren't near me
Wire tap niggas get blood in the earpiece
I'm from New Orleans nowhere near peace
Pure beast 
fear free 
dear grief
Catch up bitch I'm in gear three 
zoom 
gone 
see ya 
peace 
drop one finger
Fuck a man whoever made him
I will hurt whoever love him cause I hate him
Looking for a lady high and sedated
Got her to the pad I don't know a nigga made it
She gave me relations so now we related
The morning comes the picture faded
I'm waited on my turn to burn can I get a light
Little dog bigger bike
Jackson 5 Little Mike
Can I get a mic or a mic and a half
Thank the source owner shoutout to the editors staff
I'm all grown so much better with math
I'm need a spread in the Forbes taking a benjamin bath
I'm servin this track like Steffen Graph
Roger Federer there's no competitors
Niggas know my rhetoric bitch know my preference
Young GOD baby all you other niggas reverends
Sittin in my big house surrounded by my weaponry
I keep them away like I got leprosy
Chopper right next to me loaded up with Pepper seeds
Got an extra clip but that's only for my especially's
This is especially for you 
disrespect a nigga game what kinda referee is you?
Swallow ya whistle make a nigga ride with the pistol
Cause the fakest niggas ride with the pistol
Even if I die old I'ma die with the pistol
If you stand over my body I'll probably kill you
Not really Weezy da realest
I wear a lot of bathin ape cause I be with gorillas
He what they talkin bout topic of the
conversation
Product of determination
Stop playin you are not up in my situation
I get money like a caucasian
The car red so the car cajun stop hatin
Ya'll ballers I'ma sports agent
Wait a minute let me translate it
It's Weezy lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










DipSet
weezy holla me


welcome to the concrete jungle
got snakes got bears got lions no muzzles
and they all tryin to cause me trouble
got the big tre-8 long nose no muzzle 


back up off me shorty..if not surely
that piece'll come off me shortly
my hood breed ganstaz boy
You wanna be down lets see now no thank you boy
my niggaz'll fish fillet you boy
than go and tell ya moms to get the paper boy
ya son is just no longer just a paper boy
he's front page on the paper boy
read about him
extra extra read about it
but we get twisted laugh and smoke weed about it
and can't nobody do a thing about it
Cause they'll be in the same boat
literally the same boat
floatin across the same sea
thru the same water
Don't fuck wit them same G's
Don't fuck wit that man please
Don't fuck wit his money
Don't fuck wit his gang breed


aim squeeze wayne be on the back street
shotty on the back seat fuck 'em if you ask me
make 'em look but them niggaz can't look past me
pass the weed to the next nigga
That's me let's see P E N C A M G
21 inches and I got them bitches skindy
temp me and any thing can happen I ain't rappin
I ain't aimin at you soldiers bitch I'm goin for the captin
I ain't shootin at ya shoulders bitch I'm goin for ya cappin
I won't stop cappin to ya wings start flappin
and you you just angel in the streets full of gangtas and
me I'm from the home where murder make ya famous and
I think I'm bouts 2 get that trench off the hanger
and the mask out the drawer but I neva hide the banger
I'm a straight playa if you love her don't bring her
I'll tell her lil shit like I can make her ass a singer
and she believe that we back at the crib
she like how it shoot if its plastic foreal
I'm like lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Spit yo game talk yo shit grab yo gat
Call yo click 
Squeez yo clip hit tha right one pass tha weed
Gotta lite one 


Wat ya mammy told ya bout fuckin round with them soilders
Told ya I'll be back I'm commin I got that tolamansoda
Dats blood all ova ya sofas
Blood all ova ya postas
Blood all ova ya sholdas
Blood all ova tha strollas
Do that shit I done that shit it's Weezy Baby
He's a baby put that nigga run that shit
Make that money come back quick
Take that money from that bitch
She know wat it be M-O-B
Pistol write the M-I-Re
You know wat it be M-O-Me
Bitches know were that lime lead 2 words
Room key where? Penthouse Suiet
Wear not a damn thing
I'm here batabambing
My hand bing
My wrist bling
My neck bling
My ear bling
Supa bowl ring bitch
Cash money young money
Supa bowl team bitch
Money money money money
I'm true to those things bitch
You with those pussy hoes I shoot at those queens bitch
This Is New Orleans bitch
Murder dope fein shit!




Wat ya papi told ya bout fuckin round with them soilders
I told ya i'm comin back I got that Tolamatola
Dats blood all ova ya rova
Blood all ova ya shofa
Blood all ova ya lofa's
If I get in to close thats
Blood all ova my toasta
Blood all ova my hosta
I'm in em' Es-Cas that's
Blood all ova my hova's 
I'm hustlin with a Motive
My niggas need me
The a tiger In my pocket
Say  It's greedy
See them niggas
Jack them niggas
Kill them niggas
Wack them niggas
Ask them bitches
Ask them niggas
Weezy Baby that tha nigga
Catch me smashin In tha Vee
Matchin seats matchin feet
Sheesh that bitch too sweet fa tha streetz
Got that key for tha leaf that feast the beef
No need to speak let It be wat It be
Niggas want piece I make em' leave here
Piece by piece
Fuck me 
Fuck you 
Wat it is 
Wat it do
I've been ready since 81' and I was born I 82'
Holleygrove where I'm from 
but we call that bitch tha Zoo
I ain't neva trust a bitch since she ate that forrbidden fruit
Sucka free 
sucka proof 
50 shots 
Cut em Loose
Quarter back weezy baby 
Shotgun run and shoot
Comin true youngin do wat youngin do ball baby 
at Home Furnacatin lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








My name Wayne and I came to party
my watch an Icee and my chain a Frostee
Them bitches like me but they mayne's is salty
I aint on strike three but his brains'll cost me See I'ma chill
like waitin for the doctor I'm awaitin for the proper head doctor hey
I need a check up and mami tellin me her man need to step up
I'm like say no more cuzz there's the door
and my niggaz like "I ain't tryin' hate on yours
I'm like boy I don't save no whore oh no
I'm too small to go against the cold
So I grab me a freak and be like 
Cause after the afterparty is the muhfuckin bachelor party
that's what's up master suite master me
and we be  all night like Master P yeah


Big shout to tha A Town shout to tha Forth Ward can't forget tha west side Bankhead what up
...  shout to Adams Vile shout out to ma nigga Taylor Road


Hay my name Wayne and I came from money
I gotta pretty bitch wit me but her brains is ugly
Got a city bitch wit me but her brains is country
Yeah a silly bitch wit me man her brains is dummy
Be smart I'll take the brains of dummies
that desert eagle new workout plan brain then tummy
I ain't got no umbrella and it's rainin' money
I'm dumb better than these lames that's stuntin
I run better like Corey Dillion for the New England Pats
They like no he didn't get that new Bentley black and white
Sure he did no kiddin' know he kitted it
Know he told the dealer make sure there's no equivalent
So that makes this a one of one
That means none before it none to come
Young money but the money aint young neither's the night
what are you drinkin' make it a double you in trouble OH


Shout out to ma Cha Town niggas shout out to everybody in Detroit ... (Cannon Cannon Cannon)
Perfor County what up ...  can't forget Mephis
... Big Larry welcome to tha family dedication 2 Dj Drama 

Aye my name wayne and I came to rock
I come a long way from turnin' cocaine to rock
and like the song say get getcha ass on up
but her thong say pull me down or to the side
and I go and say sweetie can you open up your walkway
bet I run up and down your hallway all day shit
ain't nothin like a hard day menage
I call it three the hard way Ohhh
Hollygrove hard case Scarface all face
very similar to my pa face I'm particular bout my court case
I ride fly look out the window you saw space
I ride high my interior tye die I'm so superior
You lookin' at Cash Money's interior you hearin' me?
Birdman J-R a period lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Miss Butter pecan caramel southern bell
She hotter than a summer day in hell
I'm under her spell she say her name is Chantel
She say she got a man I can't tell
Because when we be rockin'
we get it poppin like a Amstel like
Right up in the hotel maybe the stairwell
She blows kisses to my handheld
She an angel her name should be An-gel ' I'm Blessesd '
I kill her wit the rich man smell
She got a wet manhole and ya mans fell whoa
I slipped and I ankwell
I saw jelly fishes seashells no further details
I love the smell of a female
And you're one hell of a female I'm tellin' ya female
Get in the CL and let it be sweet sailin' and late night e-mailin'
Ooh she feel me Ooh Fee Fee I think she feels me

Okay I called her on a late night it was late right
I was on her ass like some brakelights
But I ain't stop for the redlights
We get it poppin' til the blue and red lights come knockin'
Neighbors keep trippin we keep fuckin
Sex revolution baby I'm comin
down the hallway that lead to your stomachmami
I'ma keep pumpin till you scream Young Money
and me and you're boyfriend is not the same
I goes down like the stock exchange and the I bring it up
'Scuse me I drink it up I leave you soakin' wet from ya ankle up
Shucks I'm too much lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Currency Mack Maine)




Now ever since I can remember 
I been poppin them bottles 
pop poppin them bottles 
Pop poppin them bottles 
now ever since I can remember 
I've been smokin that dro with my motherfuckin pistol in my hand


When it come to da bread I got the keys to the bakery
Them niggas out there trippin sellin keys to them agencies
My bitch keep sayin that the judge got a date for me
I tell the silly bitch and your honor that can wait for me
I'm gone in the coupe with the roof steady chasin me
Shine so hard like the fuckin sun facein me basically
Take it how you take it I be makin you be hatin me
Lovin me but hatein me hoe you got to pay for me
Ridein with them big boys sittin on them grown folks
Every time I park it's a motherfuckin car show
I guess I'm the number 1 lakers fan
Yellow bottle yellow bottle purple bag purple bag


Now ever since I can remember 
I been poppin them bottles 
pop poppin them bottles 
Pop lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Im a New Orleans gangtsa after the storm 
Boy it took bout 3 million to rebuild my home 
But Im back on defense Im back in the zone 
I eat rappers go in my yard and barry they bones 
My pockets on Raven Symone
Thats fat wutchu know bout that huh 
So Im a keep it goin' keep it movin' we can do it I aint trippin 
So far ahead of them niggaz we got a time difference 
Dont confuse me wit them Im different 
Tryin to holla at TIP for a movie audition 
I push that Masaradi to the limit 
Six seconds through that traffic like Emmit 
I tell them niggaz hury and buy 
And if you try snitch you'll get barried alive 
Yeah lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Currency lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Mabry lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








 The streets gonna always be fun


Now put Lil Mack on the map if he walk it off
Now put Lil Spitter on the map if he walk it off
Now put a ..... on the map if he walk it off
Say put Lil Fee on the map if he walk it off
Say put E.I on the map if he walk it off
Kay put Lil drew on the map if he walk it off
Say put lil monk on the map if he walk it off
I'ma.....I'ma


I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to stunt
I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to stunt
Bitch I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to front
I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to front
Hoe I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't lyin to you
I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't lyin to you
You might see me in a Bentley painted royal blue
with the white interior on a set of 22's


I'ma jalapeno boy hot as Cayenne pepper
I'm from New Orleans City but ill take her to whatever
I'm tougher that leather
I'm smoother than Suede
always never broke cause I'm usually paid
Got the Rover with the cage
Kinda brown off beige
Everybody look at me like I'm riding on stage
Gotta woman named Sage
She twice my age
everytime she hit me up she send a picture with her page
I ain't tryin to fall in love I ain't tryin get engaged
you can meet me at the alter when a nigga really dead
Everytime I'm tryin to leave she beggin me to stay
and I politely fade away like my name was M.J.
and she wrote me a note guess what that note said
When I hope still like me but I go both ways
and then I say Oh then I say Okay
Stabbed them up and got the fuck like my name was O.J.
If you lookin for some money bitch my name is no way
Not tomorrow not today not yes-terday
I'm Mr. President as they say
and that phantom fits me like its tailor made
I can take on a war nigga bombs-away
I been in the water fucking all the Marmalades
If you lookin for some money bitch my name is no way
Not tomorrow not today not yes-terday




Last week I met a bitch but I forgot her name
Short sweet red cute ole vibrant thang
She got a earing in her pussy and everywhere else
She said she jog everyday so she can cum on herself
Then she tell me my love is the best she felt
and she sucked my dick like its about to melt
she drink vitamin water say its good for her health
she can wrap my whole dick around her waist like a belt
Then theres another bitch her name was Iesha
she ride that dick good and make a mean cheese pizza
One time it was so good I told her to order one mo'
She said its not Domino's its DiGiorno's
Theres another bitch I met her at the gong Show
Got her to the crib and turned it straight into a thong show
She do my dishes was my clothes and fix my corn rows
She do my dishes was my clothes and fix my corn rows
I can't forget about my bitch name Meaty-boo
shes a young project bitch I used to bang her on the school
so I brung her to the school and we standing on the yard
the bitch asked me if I was from the 17th ward
Niggaz came out the cut and started muggin me up
I grabbed the clip out my pocket and made them cowards duck
and I told my old lady ill be back to see
and hit me up on my cell phone if niggaz lookin for me cause




Now chicks gotta ride twerk jerk giddy up
Jump bounce on the dick and get the fuck get the fuck
Chicks gotta ride twerk jerk giddy up
Jump bounce on the dick and get the fuck lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Yeah now what it do you know it's Weezy F. the fuckin boss
inside that Phantom bitch so big I prolly get lost
how bout that exhaust and my funky cold medina
I make that hoe tip toe like a ballerina
I'm the ~Miami fever~ in that ~Miami Heat~
I been in Miami water I'm like a ~Florida Marlin~
But I come from New Orleans nigga we still strong
and my money real long real real real long
and this my thirteenth year bitch I'm still goin'
so my money real long real real real long
Nigga that steel on red beam safety y'all
Murder scene tape it off red rum tomato sauce
niggaz say they paper boys but bitch I be wit caper boys
I say we be burnin bodies we dont be burnin cars
and I got a bitch wit me call her 
When I'm at the bank you could call me 

If you want it I'ma bring it let Diana Ross sing it
I'ma pull it I'ma bang it that's that Nina Ross singin'
I be weighin a block up wit that Rick Ross bangin'
If you try me I reverse ya now you Kriss Kross swangin' yeah
Whip soft top seats off leather feet prop
Heat cocked somethin on my neck look like a peacock
you need not talk that street hop to me Ak' cause we bought
Like thousand dollar bottles of that Chris Rock
bitch stop trippin' I been hot when not
I been threw away what they just got
and niggaz talk shit but when I see em they lips lock
bitch bop know I got that ooo wop griplock get shot
bitch I bet I'm hustlin' when ya nigga not
Bigger appetite bigger pot EAT

Call it what you want but baby just dont call the cops
let em chase that drop I'ma chase that guap
yeah race track jacket wit the race track loc's
yeah all black Maserati taste that smoke
I'ma crack that egg open beat that yolk
Let it soak let it soak watch it come back broke yeah
then I hit the streets up and talk that talk
let it float let it float never come back broke naw
run that shit I'm cash money's bread and butter no sugar
bring me all the beef I'm the motherfuckin' pressure cooker
Yeah yeah I could change the weather for ya
lose ya ass the neighbors tell em that they never saw ya
close ya mouth it'd be better for ya
all that snitchin like the cops got a medal for ya
I'ma hustler got work hoes and metal for ya
when ya think ya ready I'll be ready for ya lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Ridin with a bitch I call hot mouth shelly
She pop them extasies and get that cotton mouth heavy
I give her a bottle of water bitch break out sweatin
And then she get straight to that head like a fuckin excedrin
I'm a fly ass nigga take a look at me bitch
Now go and tell the cops I gotta crook in my dick
Straight gutter bitch open like a hook in the fish
I gotta lady from paris that french kiss my shit
Yea why you think I gotta tint my whips
Cause I be gettin some head right in my shit
You say you love that woman but that been my bitch
And if you kiss that woman than you suck my dick
These hoes is nasty lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








This song right here is dedicated to the president of the United States of America
Y'all might know him as George Bush
But where I'm from lost city of New Orleans... we call him this

 Georgia.........

Now
This song is dedicated to the one wit the suit
Thick white skin and his eyes bright blue
So called beef wit you know who
Fuck it he just let him kill all of our troops
Look at the bullshit we been through
Had the niggas sitting on top they roofs
Hurricane Katrina we should've called it Hurricane  Bush
Then they telling y'all lies on the news
The white people smiling like everything cool
But I know people that died in that pool
I know people that died in them schools
Now what is the survivor to do?
Got to no trailer you gotta move
Now it's on to Texas and to 
They tell you what they want show you what they want you to see
But they don't let you know what's really going on
Make it look like a lot of stealing going on
Boy them cops is killers in my home
Nigga shot dead in the middle of the street
I ain't no thief I'm just trying to eat
Man fuck the police and president  Bush
So what happened to the levees why wasn't they steady
Why wasn't they able to control this?
I know some fok' that live by the levee
that keep on telling me they heard the explosions
Same shit happened back in Hurricane Betsy
1965 I ain't too young to know this
That was President Johnson but now
but it's president  Bush


We from a town where 
Everybody drowned and
Everybody died but baby I'm still praying which ya
Everybody crying but 
Ain't nobody tried there's no doubt on my mind it was  Bush

Now
I was born in the boot at the bottom of the map
New Orleans baby now the white house hating trying to wash away like we not on the map
Wait have you heard the latest they saying you gotta have paper if you trying to come back
Niggas thinking it's a wrap see we can't hustle in they trap we ain't from 
Now it's them dead bodies them lost houses the mayor say don't worry 'bout it
And the children have been scarred no one's here to care 'bout 'em
And fash out to all the rappers that helped out
Yea we like it they calling y'all but fuck president  Bush
We see them Confederate flags you know what it is
A white cracker motherfucker that probably voted for him
And no he ain't gonna drop no dollars but he do drop bombs
R.I.P. Tay cause he died in the storm fuck president  Bush
See us in ya city man give us a pound
Cause if a nigga still moving then he holding it down
I had two Jags but I lost both them bi-tch-es
I'm from N.O. the N.O. Yea!



( oh yea you thought we was done? Naw)

YEA!
Money money money get a dollar and a dick
Weezy Baby that crack motherfucker get a fix
Got money out the ass no homo but I'm rich
Bout to go get surgery and put some diamonds on my wrist YES
Yep I'm a motherfucking trip
I'ma trip to Japan and buy some brand new shit
Nine hundred to a grand get you twenty eight grams
If you talking 'bout bricks I'm the interstate man
And the women say damn them niggas don't say a damn thing
Boy I bet that shotty make you bounce like a bed-spring
Walking a thin line gotta defend mine
And wit no pen I'm sorta like a bomb BOOM
Young toon yea that's what my people call me
Fifty thousand for the cross trying to keep the reaper off me
I drink a lot of syrup bitches say I'm sleep walking
Big money for the grill so I'm never cheap talking yea
Keep talking and the flame leap off the hip
And keep sparking pap pap sleep softly
Yea nap nap nap sack three forties
Like fuck another nigga nigga just don't be the target
Young New Orleans nigga nigga just don't be retarded
We done lost everything and you looking like a bargain
Purple weed purple drink purple heart sergeant
I'm the best rapper in the game no arguing 

And I don't even write pause
Un-pause this so keep ya bitch ass lines inside the margin
Lil Wayne dot com bitch log in
Put a pillow under your knees and keep ya jaws in
All in ya girl mouth use her like a toilet
They usually want a baller and the young nigga balling
Mike Jordan pardon my swaggy
Even my father rich as fuck and all my brothers left the family
We said fuck it bought two houses in Miami
I can't wait to do cribs MTV c'mon get at me
Any rapper wan get at me tell ya label contact me
Half four hundred for a feature wanna battle I'll beat ya
I'm a beast I'm a creature I'm the son of miss cita
My dukes my jeter she the reason she the reason
Everybody woman wanna beat a boy diva not even
There's a 305 dime I wanted ever since I seen her
Got a topic of this evening hotter than a tub steaming
Gotcha girlfriend dreaming of one day being Trina
Notta sip seemer ten ki's in the Beamer
Got a white girl driving couldn't do it much cleaner
I'm fly in the sky like that motherfucking ribbon
Bitches got my name on em and the nigga still living
Spend a condo and a club one bottle won't do
Two bottles won't do bottles for the whole crew thanks
And bring me that Patrone I don't play
No ice I like my drink straight not gay
And bitch that bank come everyday I'm paid
I wish a nigga come invade get sprayed
I stomp a nigga out like I got ten legs
Then they fish the nigga up out the lake in ten days
Behave no ho I'm on that Rage Rov
Cash Money Young Money ho that money age old
And can't a cage hold this animal from Hollygrove
Sorry mami I be stoned I be I be I be blowed
Got me copy rock star Weezy Baby fuck these hos
Gotta pay me now for me to even take these hos
Price sizing for a show and the flow
So either Drama is my nigga or that boy got doe
Go figure that's my nigga that's my nigga my nerve
If anybody else want it lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








 
(oh yea you thought we was done? Naw)


YEA!
Money money money get a dollar and a dick
Weezy Baby that crack muthafucka get a fix
Got money out the ass no homo but I'm rich
Bout to go get surgery and put some diamonds on my wrist 
Yes Yep I'm a muthafucking trip
Ima trip to Japan and buy some brand new shit
Nine hundred to a grand get you twenty eight grams
If you talking 'bout bricks I'm the interstate man
And the women say damn them niggas don't say a damn thing
Boy I bet that shotty make you bounce like a bed-spring
Walkin a thin line gotta defend mine
And wit no pen I'm sorta like a bomb BOOM
Young tune yea that's what my people call me
Fifty thousand for the cross trying keep the reaper off me
I drink a lotta syrup bitches say I'm sleep walkin
Big money for the grill so I'm never cheap talking yea
Keep talking and the flame leap off the hip
And keep sparking pap pap sleep softly
Yea nap nap nap sack three forties
Like fuck another nigga nigga just don't be da target
Young New Orleans nigga nigga just don't be retarded
We done lost everything and you looking like a bargain
Purple weed purple drink purple heart sergeant
I'm the best rapper in the game no arguing
And I don't ever write pause
Un-pause this so keep ya bitch ass lines inside the margin
Lil Wayne dot com bitch log in
Put a pillow under your knees and keep ya jaws in
All in ya girl mouth use her like a toilet
They usually want a baller and the young nigga balling
Mike Jordan pardon my swaggie
But my father rich as fuck and all my brothers left the family
We said fuck it bought two houses in Miami
I can't wait to do cribs MTV c'mon get at me
Any rapper wan get at me tell ya label contact me
Dats a hundred for a feature wanna battle I'll beat ya
I'm a beast I'm a creature I'm the son of miss cita
Mom dukes my jeter she the reason she the reason
Everybody woman wanna beat a boy diva not even
There's a 305 diamond I wanted ever since I seen her
Got a topic of this evening hotter than a tub steaming
Gotcha girlfriend dreaming of one day being Trina
Notta sim seemer ten ki's in the Beamer
Got a white girl driving couldn't do it much cleaner
I'm fly in the sky like that muthafuckin ribbon
Bitches got my name on em and the nigga still living
Spend a condo and a club one bottle won't do
Two bottles won't do bottles for the whole crew thanks
And bring me that Patrone I don't play
No ice I like my drink straight not gay
And bitch that bank come everyday I'm paid
I wish a nigga come invade get sprayed
I stomp a nigga out like I got ten legs
Then they fish the nigga up out the lake in ten days
Behave no ho I'm on that Rage Rov
Cash Money Young Money ho that money age old
And can't a cage hold this animal from Hollygrove
Sorry mommy I be stoned I be I be I be blowed
Got me copy rock star Weezy Baby fuck these hoes
Gotta pay me now for me to even take these hos
Price sizing for a show and the flow
So either Drama is my nigga or that boy got doe
Go figure that's my nigga that's my nigga my nerve
If anybody else want it lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Yea yea yea
Weezy baby y'all don't get shot
Rappin' fire what you know about it
I brought my homie along for the ride
He strapped he came here to come out the barrel


I heard some shouts like 
Then even louder we got shooters shooter
I turn around I was starin' at chrome
Shotgun watches door got security good
Jumped right over counter
Pointed gun at wink he tell her
I'm your shooter shooter shooter

My hands up my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh shooter

 (I think they want me to surrender but no I can't do it) 


So many doubt 'cause I come from the South
But when I open up my mouth all bullets come out
Bang! Die bitch nigga die I hope you bleed a lake
I'ma play x-ray helpin' y'all see the fake
I'm just tryin' to be the great tryin' to get a piece of cake
Take it offa your plate eat it right in your face
They got a whole lot to say but I don't listen
Call me automatic Weezy bitch I keep spittin' pow


With all these riches and all these riches
But ain't no loaners around
They thinkin about shooters that-shooters that
Guns-Girls-Ladies that-Gunners that
Shoot shoot shoot shoot shooter

Put my hands up
They want me with my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh shooter

But I'm not
I just cry mama I think they hey
Me think they want me to surrender 


And to the radio stations I'm tired o' being patient
Stop bein' rapper racists region haters
Spectators dictators behind door dick takers
It's outrageous you don't know how sick you make us
I want to throw up like chips in Vegas
But this is Southern face it
If we too simple then y'all don't get the basics


Lady walks into a shotgun surprise
Dropped to her knees saw her life before her eyes
He said  everybody gon regret it
I'm your shooter

My hands up my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh shooter

 (Me won't surrender me no pretender)


Sock soakin' wet I been runnin' y'all
I reload every hundred yards I'm comin' forward
Better know me Lil Wayne just call me lord
Hard take pain like Tylenols raw
Way past par for I'm some shit you never saw
I take you to the shootout baby win lose or draw
And then they ask who when where how
And my reply was simply pow!

Mama I think they hey me think they want me to surrender
(Shooter my hands up my hands up they want me to surrender)


No me won't surrender no lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Mack Maine Raw Dizzy & Ronny)



Young Money
Volume 1
This is Lil Weezy Ana
Best Rapper Alive Weezy F
Greatest DJ in the world Raj smoove
Let's go!


We stay hot on that 504 shit 
Sellin iron all the time and you know this
We stay hot on that 504 shit 
Sellin iron all the time and you know this

Look
Back out the garage in the hog
And you know I redo the insides like the morgue
Look
Back out the garage in the hog
And you know I redo the insides like the morgue
Look
Back out the garage in the hog
And you know I redo the insides like the morgue

The coupe blue like the 'do on Marge
Ridin with a bitch prettier than a Debarge
Mommy want a soldier baby I'm a Sarge
You can't have me but we can have a menage 
Now rub me wrong and fuck up my massage
And it's flowers for the dead better get em a corsage
Yeeaa; head nigga in large
And everything I do I San Diego Charge
While you niggas just starve
I'm eating so much I'mma fuck around and barf
And red is the color of my scarf 
And understand to a giant you're a dwarf
My flow's throwed off
I'm so sick all I got to do is cough

We stay hot on that 504 shit 
Sellin iron all the time and you know this
We stay hot on that 504 shit 
Sellin iron all the time and you know this


Bitch I come from the bottom of the map
New Orleans Louisiana we love to pack gats
We love to count stacks we love to pump back
I love killing the track; me Wayne Ronny and Mac
That's some Hollygrove shit yeah
And I'mma bang it in your ear
Until you get it clear
You heard that?
That's my word and I meant that
Don't tempt me I leave ya bent up in your Bentley
Believe me


Yeah it's Ronny back in the game
Straight off the block back in the game
Now run tell you heard me rapping with Wayne
Run tell you heard me rapping insane
Yea I'm off in this bitch
Puffing drogas in this bitch
I'm leaning in this bitch
We got freaks in this bitch
We deep in this bitch

We stay hot on that 504 shit 
Sellin iron all the time and you know this
We stay hot on that 504 shit 
Sellin iron all the time and you know this


I got a thing for them big trucks
Big fine bitches with good jug and big butts
5 4 mommies with nice head and fake tits
That don't get loose off Goose and probably act up
5 7 bitches with bowlegs that take dick
All they really need is like two pills and 6 blunts
Wake up in the morning and count money and make grits
She don't really know no English so we don't say shit

Yeah Wayne said let it rain on them

Mother nature with the paper doing a Mack Maine on em
Like there go 1000 like swoosh
Like there go 2000... 
Now shake that ass like you can't
Pay your cable bill and you tryna watch the Saints
On the 60 inch Hitachi lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










This shit right here
Bout to shut down the whole 4 Quarter
Young Money LilWeezyAna
And I am 

Capo what up


Nonstop
Youngun all around the clock
Watch you need? Get it fresh off the docks
It don't stop
Uhuh I won't quit
Say blood you talkin money?
Then umm count me in
Nonstop
Youngun all around the clock
Watch you need? Get it fresh off the docks
It don't stop
Uhuh I won't quit
Say blood you talkin money?
Then umm count me in


Look
I hustle silk
Like I sell satin
And these niggas hustlin backwards
Like Pig Latin
Dear Captain
I'm too fast for these fucks
Man the only time I see 'em
Is when I'm passin 'em up
That's right
I run laps around the block
For the guap
All I need is a gunshot
And a watch
I see the finish line
I've seen it plenty times
Them niggas been behind
Them niggas spittin rhymes
For me it's business time
Yea love and hate
I walk the thinnest line
And I point a AK
Right at the witness line
I'm on the paper chase
Fuck what they say
The only date marked on my calendar is payday
And you could never get it free like AJ
But I could get you more keys than Dre Day
All I do is call Capito Bergante
I just gotta call Capito Bergante



I never stop grindin
Even if Simon
Said it
I'm tryna clean up like an edit
And if anything comes in town we let it
If not we get it
And put your life on credit
Jetted
Up the block
Did the cop
After the kid
With the rock
In his sock
Fuck the neighborhood watch
As soon as enough money is in my knot
I'm yellin 
Like the game's on lock
My aims on I'm locked
Like I spot
But my eyeballs are gunshots lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Chrome on the monster leather intestines
With a top model and the contestants
I'm a Rottweiler yes I'm a rock 'n' roller
It's Weezy Fuckin' Baby yeah straight up out the stroller

Chrome on the monster
Leather intestines
With a top model
And the contestants
I'm a Rottweiler
Yes I'm a rock-n-roller
It's Weezy Fuckin' Baby
Yeah straight up out the stroller
I'm higher than the solar
System
Marley twist 'em
I'm like Macaulay Culkin
I was rich when I was pissin'
On myself I'm ballin'
You niggas haterholics
I'm just the recipe
So you can save the garlic
I'm like a set of keys
I'm bout to get it started
I smoke them Beverly
Hills from California
Them bitches after me
So I put that paddle on 'em
She rode my dick and said she shoulda put a saddle on him
I watch out for them snakes listen for that rattle homie
And I ain't got a clique I got a cattle homie
What up five kickin' back just bein boo
I'm talking foreign money like a European dude
Yeah I'm heavy man so you should reconsider
I hit you one time fuck up yo equilibrium
I got rhythm yeah I got soul y'all
I travel all around the world like a postcard
My flow cold fuck around and get a cold sore
I got this bitch on lock like a closed door
Weezy's real them other niggas folklore
I'm connected I got more hoods than a coat store
I'm successful I got more shit than you can hope for
And I got through that water like a boat oar
Young Carter the name
Baby boy rising like hot water and 'caine

Whip it stretch it and flip it
Re-up stretch it and flip it
Re-up stretch it and flip it
Re-up stretch it and flip it

Re-up
We up in the club we up in the club
Money running like water bitch get up in the tub
I'm up in the club she up in the club he up in the club
Now she can't leave so we fuck in the club
Am I lucky or what? Playboy Rabbit
And I like big tongues like skateboard fashion
I got more girls than the Playboy Mansion
I bet I serve 'em up like my name Pete Sampras
And a nigga drink like the late Fred Sandford
And a nigga smoke like there is no cancer
And I know this world is so cold and deceivin'
But I keep my head up like my nose is bleedin'
Yeah and until that chosen evenin'
I'mma be screamin Apple and Eagle
Yeah that's right Apple and Eagle
Hollygrove 17 I won't leave you
Nope and this is just the preview
But I'm already workin on the sequel
Fuck with me wrong I'll fuck with your home
Like a letter to the wife saying your husband is gone
Like Muslim I'm calm
But like Muslim I'll bomb
And beat the track up like a hundred arms
I'm funky like underarms
The engineer's recording a thunderstorm
My hunger forms lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Curren$y Mack Maine & Raw Dizzy)




You already know
Gangsta music you know how the gangsters do it
Bangers exlcusive
Shankers and uzis
I got Maine in the booth
Wayne in the booth
Money on my mind that mean I'm thinking of loot


Shit ain't it the truth
Money is the top prio-
"Money Over Murder" that's the title of my bio
We cop drops like it's part of the policy
This hardbody baby y'all softer than wallabies
So hush puppies let the big dogs ride
Don't jump on that field when it's kickoff time


And I fresher than the Frebreeze bottle
Coming at the shit full throttle
And I power ball like lotto
Do it with my eyes closed
You niggas is all soft soft shell tacos


And eyes go deeper than pot holes
For that money bet I'm running like a snot nose
No Kleenex
Dark shades V-necks
Bitch I ain't playing no recess
We reps YM baby that's that shit
And it's fuck the world like a nasty bitch


Fuck raps I bust caps for snaps
I fuck white I fuck blacks I fuck Japs
Now what's hap?
I make stacks ASAP
I take that from the safe and I replace that


Stay strapped
I stay low stay back
The judge handing out L's like Pat Sajak
And I'm all about my team like an apex
My you niggas turn your seats into a Playtex


Yes member of a fly society
Style I got several varieties
As a child this guy memorized  in it's entirety
The 80s drug era inspired me
That's why I dress how I dress walk how I walk
That's why I rep what I rep talk how I talk
Two rope chains both of them gold
With a gloat like I just came home


Flow touching the pedal in that F-5 yellow
Just moving through the city like blood in the vessel
I'm a fucking professional so intellectual
It's Mr. Fat Stacks my pockets got high cholesterol
I need vegetables is weed vegetables?
I'm past commas right now I'm seeing decimals


Step to you the opposite of my environment
Out of all the dogs in the yard I was the quietest
I had a little bark I had a little bite
Was surrounded by niggas who snap and don't think twice
To kidnap your enemies dress them up as Santa Claus and drop their bodies down their mamas' chimneys
Water to your kidneys
My class G like the Bendz G


My truck waving and my rims speak
I got burners on my rear seat
See I don't say too much so if talking becomes part of the ballgame money talk for me yeah my ends speak
Yeah what you expect? I'm from the Hollygrove area
Where we see more redskins than Steve Spurrier
We know the clock ticking so we planning hurry up offense
Hustling on the park bench caution


The major bison of the boulevard
The barracuda fighting off the fish and raw
Yeah I get around like a business car
And you can see me everywhere but the prison yard
I'm on that sissy hard and that kush tough
Weezy stay high just look up


Shook up like a can of Coca-Cola that fell down five flights of stairs man
Can't hide that you niggas so scared man
Ahead of my time lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Old money new work
Lil coke on my gums like my tooth hurt
They from the red clay I'm from that brown durt
I love my baby mama and Grandaddy Purp
New shirt new jeans
New Bent' cost a nigga two Beams
That's two hundred thousand
Nigga you don't know nothin' bout it
Got real niggas ridin' fuck around we bustin' out it
It's Weezy bitch yeah it's Weezy ho
Ray Charles mama I don't even see the dough
Show me the money show me the dough
I'm low I'm C.E.O
Got stacks on deck got hard got wet
A bad bitch with me I'm hard she wet
Got raw got white got weed got syrup
Work!


Bitch I'm the man I I I'm the man
Got no wife but the white be my girlfriend
Bitch I'm the man I I I'm the man
I I I'm the man
I I I'm the man
Bitch I'm the man I I I'm the man
Got no wife but the white be my girlfriend
Got no wife but the white be my girlfriend
Got no wife but the white be my girlfriend

The cars the hoes the life I chose
The ice is froze my flow is cold
I'm hot for sho' you know it's Low
I been getting money way back in '94
The base my trap and you know it be on fire
D4L ain't gettin' money? That's a motherfuckin' lie
I already got money can't you look at me dummy?
I'm laced head to toe look at the way your ho chosed
Bank roll unfold I made it rain on them hoes
'04 four-door double-o on them hoes
Bubble kush I blow leave the smell on your clothes
I'm gettin' money in the hood and they already know
Whoa!

Bitch I'm the man I I I'm the man
Got no wife but the white be my girlfriend
Bitch I'm the man I I I'm the man
I I I'm the man
I I I'm the man
Bitch I'm the man I I lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









This is a Public Service Announcement 
Lil Wayne Weezy F. Baby
IS The Best Rapper Alive
Hit me haha

Good mornin New York
Good afternoon New Orleans
Goodnight America hahahah
Yeah

Dough is what I got lil mama
Dough is what I got purdy lady
Dough is what I got shawty
Dough is what I got babay
Come on: I'm paid I'm paid I'm paid I'm paid

Hey give a women none uh-uh
I already gave my brother some
It's my sister turn
Ain't it funny how the fish do bird
But your boy just relax like a fresh new perm
And the world in the barrel of the pistol turn
Boy we get it how we live never live and learn
Got to talk about the flow cause you is concerned
Only down South could of been in The Firm
Or The Commission or a Wu-Tang nigga
Tryna tell you I can kick like Liu Kang nigga
Got that Sub-Zero flow how you want me ma?
Nigga get over here like Scorpion
And when it comes down to this recordin
I must be LeBron James if he's Jordan
No I won rings with my performance
I'm more Kobe Bryant of an artist
Same coach same game been startin
Same triangle offense
I come through the lane like a Dodge and
Referee niggas is lame they call chargin'
I have no brain I'm retarded
We are not the same I'm a Martian
You can be my Jane I'm your Tarzan
I'm from the jungle where the snakes is all poison
I am magnificent like Marcus
You might wanna fall back like August
Or late September whatever you call it
I hit niggas in the head like Vonage
I am talkin to no particular audience
But understand I'm the guardian
And understand there won't be no guarding him
You will just get played like an accordion
I don't give a damn if she's bossy
I keep pussy runnin like a faucet
She better catch like she's Steve Largent
Because I'm  like Martin
Hahahah wooo yeah see
I know y'all talk about me
And... you don't like what you hear sometime
But um um; since I'm so bright
I'mma put the spotlight on you baby

Show me what you bout lil daddy
I know you need to stop stop hatin
I know what your not wodie
And that is Weezy Baby
Blunts up: Now blaze hey blaze hey blaze hey blaze
Work it

Yeah tell the world 
Young dictionary: Make words make sense
Then I make cents make dollars
Make a skinny girl holler
Make a fat girl hungry
Make the ugly girls want me
Put the pretty girls on me
Make the shy girls horny
Make the fly girls corny
And only for me
Because of who I A-M
Holla back in the mornin
Hey now holla back if you own shit
The CEO of the moment
Bullshit - I don't condone it
Aw baby just hop on it
Hahah yeah...
You like that
I... Know!
Marley whattup?
Hey hey hey

Show me what ya got lil mama
Show me what ya got purdy lady
Show me what ya got shawty
Show me what ya got babay
You rappers ain't safe safe safe lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









We now return you to you're regular-
Scheduled programming
I'm bout to bring out the whole Young Money fam right now
We gon' set this shit off my nigga Mac May for president
G-series out in the streets right now
Hit a nigga on MySpace or somethin' man
Holla

Day dreamin'
I fell asleep beneath the flowers
For a couple of hours
On a beautiful day

Day dreamin'!


You already know
What the fuck is poppin'
Baby I'm what's hoppin-a
I keep a Zip-Lock bag full of 'Dro
And I keep a bad bitch wit' me on the low
I'mma be a G until the day that I go
I can feel it in the air
The reaper's comin' slow

I can hear the reaper comin'
But I ain't scared
Oh no no I ain't runnin'
Now when I walk past you might see an extra shadow
Angels on my shoulders are usin' me for a battle
Spiritual warfare good versus evil
I even fought the demons as a semen
Yes I was brought there cursed ever since my day of birth
Got a Heaven-sent flow though it's Hell on Earth
So with that in mind I don't live for Prada
I'm trying to stack and mack and got stigmata
Tryin'a get the same fan base as Big Poppa
Sometimes when I flow they say the southern Big's popped up
They tell me "don't get murked or get locked up"
But I'm from Holly Grove I can't give the block up 
So til' the day they drop my box fuck
I'ma ride with my Glocks up
You already know




I'm hitch hikin' on the highway of life
You might see me on the side of the road

I asked the Lord to be my coat and umbrella
'Cause outside it's rainin' cold
It's so cold
It's so cold
It's so cold 
It's so cold

I say Miss America Land of the Free
You ain't never do nothing for a brotha like me
You sold me a dream of 40 acres and a mule
Then you turn that half-a-acre that I had into a pool
You get up on the news lying about how the levy's broke
Now Weezy lost 2 Jags and spitta's Chevy broke
Flooded out engines messed up suspensions
You took everything we had Uncle Sam lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









(Grew up a fuckin' screw-up
Got introduced to the game to the game
And fuckin' blew up)

I blew up before I grew up
Got introduced to the game
Now I'm at they head like crew cuts
Suit up and lace your boots up it's war time
It's Weezy baby no crying no lying
These motherfuckers is slippin' they better hold on
They trippin' like Cedric and Solange
I flow like I'm headless no mind
I can say don't rhyme and it's gonna rhyme
I'm so fresh I should be smacked like Dee Barnes
And you get smacked like a baseball by B. Bonds
I'm to the point I could kill a nigga with three lines
Watch this
With three lines
We got that Tussin and blunts is dipped three times
We light them motherfuckers up and get tree high
And in the game I'm manning up like Eli
R.I.P B.I

(Grew up a fuckin' screw-up
Got introduced to the game to the game
And fuckin' blew up)

Believe that
I say I say believe that
I got my nigga Tity Boi
Duffle bag boss
Yessir


Gucci belt Gucci glasses
Four door coupe and the roof no magic
Voila
So don't worry 'bout my other profession
Cause it I send shots in the other direction
The old me the Rollie the new me the ruby
Jacuzzi the movies
The groupies the two pieces
And all the animals that dearly departed
Know that my mink game is really retarted
I pumped a few packs caught a few charges
Made a few stacks and drove a few carses
I go to the mall and buy a few closets
The rap Fernando Vargas
Got my hand on my strap
Aimed at my target
Duffle bag boy in some high-top Pradas
Get it straight killin em'
I push weight and move pack
Duffle bag boys in the front
Young Money in the back

(Grew up a fuckin' screw-up
Got introduced to the game lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Greatest DJ in the world
Best Rapper Alive
Young Money
Volume 1
LilWeezyAna
Raj Smoove
Yo Taz I see you
Greatest DJ in the world

OK
I spit that
Get back
I'm intact
In fact
The author's authentic
OK
I spit that
Get back
I'm intact
In fact
The author's -
OK
I spit that
Get back
I'm intact
In fact
The author's authentic
Oil slick like Syntec
Inject
Even the paralyzed feel my impact
As I
Skim back
Over my words that's on the page I'm lyin
I don't write
I get high
And ignite
I got a serious mental plan
And
Dental plan
And
You don't want to bring the giant out of the gentle-man
Gee golly gigabytes and a Gorilla's hand
To the side of a nigga face like I don't give a damn
Even if he's with his mans
And thems
I put his plans
And limbs
All over his pants
And Timbs
And I wasn't fortunate to grow up like The Sims
But instead I blew up
Before I grew up
I spend 8 and put 2 up
Cause you never know when I have to do what
Do when?
Do who?
Do you
And you two
And you too..
Now I'm Cuckoo
Like birds
With my words
I'm poopoo
Meaning I am the shit on you turds
Yes and I get on your nerves
Yes and I get on your nerves
And yes:  And I get on your nerves
And sit on your mind like piss on the curb
Bitch-bitch! Disturb me?
While I'm working?
You are just another Earthling
Be in the game shit I must be first-string
I like my tucks baggy and my turf clean
Check my pattern/scheme
I probly have on rocks from the Moon and Saturn's Ring
Uh whose badder
Give 'em a ladder
Tell them climb on up here and watch me get at her
The badder part about it is these niggas hate
But you won't even get a bar on my mixtape
I'm probly on a boat feedin a bitch grapes
And crepes
By the way
That's French pancakes
Je parlons Francais tres bien
Garcon adore chaude lesbiennes
Pardon my French
Pardon the stench
But I smoke that Grinch
Til my eyes squinch
I meant
Squint
I'm so bent
Like a dent
But bitch I'm still no Clark Kent

And my Momma used to tell me
Not to let nobody fuck with me
It stuck with me
I keep it real to the world: Publicly
Unbelievable...
I said my Momma used to tell me
Not to let nobody fuck with me
It stuck with me
I keep it real to the world: Publicly
Unbelievable...

Bitches say they love you
But they hate you
And they say that it's all a part of our animal nature
Son lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Can I speak on how I feel y'all?
Let my heart do the talkin...
Listen up princess

I wake up in the morning take a knee and thank God
Then go to the mirror look myself in the eyes
Today I didn't wake up with a woman on my side
Yesterday I didn't wake up with a woman on my side
Neither the day before that nor before that
I just remember the moments call me Kodak
And know that I do miss ya
But it's your denial that I must hold against ya
Since you been gone
I have been all alone
But alone is steroids cause it made me strong
Gurl hurr gone in the wind
Ya cheated on God's son baby girl that's a sin
But I forgive you
But I can't give you
Another chance ma you're in my rearview
And I put that ring on your finger I was all in
But now it's just a symbol of what could've been
Goddamn

And now I'm by myself but..

Damn she left me all by myself but..


Yo!
I love my niggas no homo
I swear I hope they all get cheese like Digiorno
And something bout the Hot Boys that you don't know
I got a lot of love for 'em that I don't show
And B.G. been my nigga since the front do'
I hope Chopper City Records blow fo sho'
And me and Juvey never really got along
But you still would let your nigga
Come get on your hottest song
Damn I fuck wit ya for that
I fuck wit ya lil Wack
And me and Skip go back

When you see a real nigga you gotta tip your hat
And since I'm a real nigga I do just that
I had my own lawyer working on Turk's case
After I heard him dissing me on the mixtape
Cause he's locked up and I'm free
He got a lot more to worry bout than me
I ain't trippin

Y'all niggas left me by myself but I can't front

And so now
I became the President of the spot y'all left me at hm
A lot has changed but lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Money I'm paid 

I got money on the drank
And half on the dank
 



Yeah thank god I'm a millionaire
Hard body these other boys teddy bears
Fuck with me momma I know you want a G
And I'm a real blood if you want R&B
Just call me Carter honey if you can't say the baby
Bitch I'm so fuckin' hot I feel radiated
Ho I'm so fuckin' fly my eyes are aviaters
I'm stuck at the top floor in the elevater
Cause I'm high dumb high
Nigga I could look into the sun's eyes
Young guy but rich though
And I keep a rag on me like a 64 like a 64
You know I got that bounce
It's mister-quick-to-pour-a-eighth into a 20 ounce
Okay I'm Terminater you niggas Minnie Mouse
And I'm Young Money anyhow

I got money on the drank 
And half on the dank 




It's hood shit baby so you know it's all thug's
Rockstar life lotta sex and alot a drug's
It's OG Kush purple dro and kind bud
Have a real nigga feelin' like he's so fucked up
Have a fake nigga feelin' like he's so bucked up
There go the weed man spitta back the truck up
There go the lean man thugga we done lucked up
I mix the two dro by my bitch and then we rough fuck
I leave a Crego to the lot and pick a Jag' up
If you was in my shoes nigga you could brag cuz
Weezy Wee got me Baby he got me
Young Money Cash Money bitch that's my posse
40. cals with brokes safeties just try to rob me
Million dollar man Ted DiBiase
Now let me tell you if I'm missin' a bush
Shit'll get ugly than New York from the Flavor Of Love

I got money on the drank 
And half on the dank 



Now we lean  out our minds 
Rest In Peace to DJ Screw we on the grind 
Cause we lean  out our minds 
Rest In Peace to DJ Screw lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Work on the kitchen table
Where the bags at
Work on the kitchen table
Where the bags at
Work on the kitchen table
Where the bags at
Work work
I'm a nigga with money
I'm a nigga with money
I'm a nigga with money
And I don't love that bitch
I tell her; bitch bitch bitch bitch make me rich
I'm a nigga with money
And I don't love that bitch

Yeah
Backpack
Full of stacks
All the bitches love me
Don't compare me
To these rappers
I'm on a different budget
I ain't even gotta practice
Never getting rusty
No I ain't lookin down
But I see no one above me
The paper bag brown wit dirty green money
The bank account good full of clean money
Fuck chain money
I blow ring money
I got that motherfuckin never-see-the-bank money
Magazine money
Do a spread on me
And you can turn your back but never turn the Feds on me
Read the note attached: We got ya lil homey
We need bread homey or that's ya dead homey
I'm like a Corleone meet the fucking mob
I can get you whacked or give your ass a job
Weezy F B
I holla CMB
Coca Cola classic caffeine free



Stop playing with me stop playing with me bitch
Stop playing with me stop playing with me bitch
I'm a cash money stunner on my 14th summer
Dick a bitch down and take everything from her
Now run to the kitchen I ain't hungry I ate
Bitch put 36 O's on my plate
See my pa was cooking slabs while my mom was cooking dinner
See my momma is a chef and my daddy was a dealer
Grandaddy was a dealer and my auntie is a killer
I hope she know I love her pray the pigs never get her
My brother still a baby and my uncle kinda raised me
Y'all pray for his wife cause that cancer shit is crazy
And my daughter's so smart that it scares me
Her mother is an angel she's always there for me
And me I'm just wild; I think I need therapy
Because I'm going after that money lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Look here
SB donks five-seven-five jeans
Five thousand dollars on my fuckin wallet chain
I be wildin maine I'mma island man
There ain't nothin' else by me mane
I tell em float on and go on to the ozone
Im so gone my blunt like a pole long
I prolong and hold on
To it like a trombone I'm so blown
And um I got that cock back I don't need that thumb bone
So come on you get the one with the drum on it
That's that one that goes dit dit dit dit dit dit dit dit
I'm so terrific when I spit put my foot up in your ass
Now I'm kickin in your shit
Now I'm pitchin at your bitch
And she catch it with her lip naw she catch it wit her mouth
And since I'm the president she tried to catch it on her blouse
I tell her whoa easy baby
I'm king cake so she eat the baby
Wait shit gets way more crazier
We flipped the bitch like she was in the gymnasium
I ain't fuckin with them bitches with that stadium
That's no dome bitch go home... b bi bitch bitch go home

Bitch I spent a hundred winters on my snow cone
Lil nigga walking like he get his bowl on
Boss man pimp stroll pimp stroll
I can let my money go when the wind blow
Bet it come right back like a rental
And bet them bitches understand me like 10-4
Niggas is simple like instrumentals
I bet you bitches understand me like info
Get your top chopped and get trimmed low
Sumn like my Benzo
Riding with my friends hoes
No I mean my hoes friends
Fucking all my hoes friends
Takin all my hoes ends that what make the globe spin
I tell these young niggas; pimp or die
Don't get that Benz if they don't split them i's
Dig them thighs thin them ties
And if you reach at I
I don't preach I speech and give you beef wit them fries
Come to the beach and find
I live where all the little seagulls fly
See baby I'm so high
All I need you to do is just shut up and ride
Bitch bitch shut up and ride

Look and me and Mac was just two niggas from the same hood
Fell from the same tree cut from the same wool
I'm just the lion and he the young bull
Not Sammy the bull
That pistol on my hip then I got a hammy to pull
I had a Lammy in school I think it was diablo red
I'm T.I. red I'm t.I.red you d.I.ed because of what you said
Chea I'm as sharp as an image
And I keep it bumpin like a motherfuckin blemish
Two twins drink me up like Guinness
When I'm finished I say 
When I'm finished they say 
I hop on your shit and they say 
So fly got wings tattooed on me the gun glued on me
But I pop you in your stomach now I got ya yesterdays food on me
Now that was real rude homie
And I smell like a weed plant
Young Money motherfucker lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Fuck that nigga
Pussy ass nigga
Straight murder that boy and every pussy that's with em
Sit em in the trunk tell him let's have fun
No noise fat potato on the end of the gun
My boy’s get that paper just as quick as it come
And if you're standing in the way then mama missing her son
I remember back in the day it was me and Brandon
Cut school smoke weed I was strapped he had one too
Rest in piece from the Hollygrove crew
Tell ya momma I will do whatever she needs me to do

Lil Beezy we use to get ready
Can't believe my nigga dead ah

I'm an apple street killer a eagle street soldier
Lil Spitter I'm a ropa
Silver duck tape her
I'm a kidnapper
If ya bitch look good bet I'm a get at her
She see me in the coupe I put the petal to the metal
If ya boy wanna trip I put the ratta to the tatta
Everybody scatter tryna get the fuck away
Sparks fly glass shatter situation gets sadder
Daddy I'm a pitcher who's the next batter
I whip it like gadda and I throw it right at em
Junior high school high school when I had em
Had 10 dollar bags 25 dollar package
We ain't even in the same lane stop lacking
Damn even Mack Maine tell me I'm macking
Nigga stop trippin bitch shake ya laffy taffy
This is New Orleans classic young Wayne the main attraction

I got that goose in my system somebody gone be my victim

Talkin with ya bitch meeting with ya bitch creeping with ya bitch
Now I'm sleepin with ya bitch
You can keep her she a bitch
I don't love her I don't trust her
Nigga own mother told me the bitch loves to hustle
Gotta get that paper baby gotta get that cake
Cop a black lamborghini put gold on the plates
Gone to the beach sand at my feet
R1 one wheel hanging off the seat
My nigga Lil Naughty was down town g
We use to blow 2 or 3 tell him all about the streets
My nigga Soulja Slim had the mutha fuckn message
 was a uptown legend

Lil Naughty we use to get red eye
Can't believe my nigga dead ah
Lil Soulja he meant what he said ah
Can't believe that nigga dead ah

My nigga Lil Spitta that's my nigga all day
First bullet out the barrel nigga better guard your face
My nigga Lil Spitta he in the game let's play
He about to take over for my half time break

Now once upon a time not long ago
He was in the hospital and damn near broke
And all he had was a mask and a Glock
A box of baking soda and a couple of pots
The streets was empty the fiends was hungry
He wanted to give em just what they wanted
To get cheap coke all he needed was connect
So he called his homie Wayne from the Hollygrove set

Yes
Then I got his call I'll be on the way
Don't worry about nothing but that money to be made
Met up Spitter we got the shit straight and I gave him the dope and I kept the ye
Now we on the grind and the bitches know who we are
I come through in the car like gosh
My posture as delicate as fur I'm all hers
Cut niggas head like barbers
Fruity ass niggas is starburst
Throw em in the ceiling fans
Little Wayne Weezy Baby motherfucking triggaman
Yea yea lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










She is so sick and I would love to be her patient
And I will work every day as long as she's my occupation
Be be don't you wanna be
Be my secretary she's my secretary
He's just secondary we do what we wanna
He don't have the slightest
He thinks she's the nicest
I think she's so nasty
We do it so often
It seems like a job now
Like a nine to five now

Don't you wanna be 
Be my secretary 
Come and work for me 
Whatever's necessary 


She's my employee of the month
Because of her I never learned how to role a blunt
She do everything for me roll magazine for me
Shawty act like she gotta run away from him for me
Wayne lemme quit talkin' and watch where I'm walkin'
I don't wanna step on toes 'cause her homey gettin' angry
Overtime at the job is keepin' his girl from home
Nine to five or regular hours but her shift's six to ten
She goes home at ten to be happy with her man
Till I need her too clock back in


You can check her resume and see what you will find
She has never missed a day and she has always been on time
When he's not in that's when she clocks in
And if the bible says it's wrong God don't forgive us for our sins

Don't you wanna be 
Be my secretary 
Come and work for me 
Whatever's necessary 

Weezy F motherfuckin' Baby
Weezy F motherfuckin' Baby
Come and see the motherfuckin'
Come and see the motherfuckin'
Weezy F motherfuckin' Baby
Come and see the motherfuckin' hospital
Weezy F lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Ayo Paul why'ont you roll up a
'Young L'
Hahah
Young Money Volume 1
Yeah
LilWeezyAna
Yeah
DJ Raj Smoove greatest DJ in the world
Weezy F Baby best rapper alive

Let's go

Yeah young Wayne
Up in this thang
The boy get money like the summer get rain
I got game that's just that
Baby I'm a player check my stats
She just wanna caress my tats
And then I jumps up in that pussy and run laps
Yeah it's Weezy baby
Now keep me in your mouth like you're teethin baby
Haha and I swear I go dumb
I smoke so much niggas call me No Lungs
I'm just trying to stack mo' funds
Baby I'm a god I should walk around with nuns
Haha but I walk around with guns
Use your head or you'll walk around with none
Haha and that'll be no fun
Now is my era
Bring terror
Like Pun

Fugue lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Yeah
The greatest DJ
Yeah
In the world (Ooh boy)
Yes!

I'mma call this one Real Rap
(Anybody you lost put 'em on yo heart)
Because this rap is real 
Ya know?
I hope you ain't too tired to cry
And I hope you know you ain't never too live to die heh

Listen..
I grew up where the people call them people on us
Think we slangin but we just got beepers on us
Grinding all day like we got sleep insomnia
Living like the videos write a treatment on us
Stuck in the hood like they poured cement on us
Ghetto bird still shitin on us
Government still quittin on us
Lost a few homies and the grief's still sittin on us
So we got their names written on us
White folks still spittin on us
And them bitchass police K9's teeth still grittin on us
But we smoke ashes still gettin on us
Older bitches still hittin on us
I remember well..
Beezy rolled a L
Beezy ain't here
Where's Beezy at?
Beezy got killed
...and that was my nigga
I go way back with my nigga
But I know that's how it happened my nigga
Shit is much deeper then this rappin my nigga
But now they all rappin my niggas
So now I must make it happen
So I'mma play the captain
Sailboat flappin my nigga
No fingers I'm snappin
Happy for my nigga lil Tagus
Cause even though we couldn't
The Lord saved him
Last time we seen him was when Katrina hated
Sh found his body like a month later
Rest in peace boy
He was a East boy
And so was Wessy West
He was a good nigga
So I know he blessed
And his daughter is a princess
This shit is harder than a bench press
But I'mma keep goin
And I swear I got a lump in my throat
But I'mma keep on pumpin the flow
So if I cry don't stop the beat
I feel like my heart just stopped a beat
My nigga lil Derek was quick to cop a key
Either that or load the gat and go pop a G
And because of that
He's just a name in a rhyme of mine
I pray his family and his momma's fine
So much shit just sit on this mind of mine
I think about it all the time
I drink about it all the time
I smoke back to back
Cause if my thoughts got to me I'd be in this rap
Or I'd be in the can
Thank God I had dreams of being the man
Yeah
And fuck a man with a badge
Cause he ain't shit to a man on the edge
The 5-0 killed Naudy good boy dead
Man you woulda thought they killed cornbread
Shot him up face down on the lawn
Not to mention wit his handcuffs on
Not to mention they had plain-clothes on
And the complaint goes on...
But nobody do nothing about it
The jail house and the morgue is too fucking crowded
And hate is at an all time high
Everybody gotta hate it's like a fuckin iPod
Shit and they tried to burn my Phantom up
But I got my gun license haha
I got my hammers up
I'm ready to shoot like a camera
Stay still motherfucker
I'mma have to write my will this summer
Cause if they don't kill me
I'mma kill this summer
Yeah
And you can put that on my late father
Or my late grandmother Miss Mercedes Carter
Or my grandfather Larry Balsock
The old man hustled til his heart stopped
And all I know of my real Pops is that he had money
No bank account that brown paper bag money
Yeah he might hit me off with a little brag money
But the nigga still wouldn't be a dad for me
But look how I turned out I hope he glad for me
But that's why when I see him I acts mad funny
Cause he's a joke to me
Don't message don't call don't talk to me
It's just me and my momma
How it suppose to be
And I make sure she paid like she wrote for me
And I know she gets all hope from me
And I don't never wanna see her mope for me
Hopefully!
But truthfully
There is a day that's due for me
But we gon' pray that it's as far as the future sees
You are listening to the future Weez-y F. Baby
Amen


Rest in peace to my cousin Kim Carbo
My nigga Vick Rest in peace lil Harold
Shoutout to my nigga Steveland lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Uh...Hello...New mixtape bitch...Iz called Da Drout 3 ...
Yeah...This was supposed to be the intro but uhm...
I guess ima gonna uhm...Do what yall came here for...


Yeah...Rasta dem king of the jungle
Dread lock swing down me back like Reppunsle.
My bread don't swing. Dem packs in a bundle;
We'll take your tings sell it back to your uncle.
And we'll make it rain till your dances will come true;
We'll make it rain so you betta bring a swimsuit.
Alone when I came but I'm leavin with them two;
Gals give me brain give me brain like temples.
And him got the game game sharp like a pencil;
And if you want formage we can crash like a symbol.
And Let prepare me window on my new sports coupe;
twelve hoarses in the hood sittin on hoarse shoes.
Come from the land that Jesus walked through;
Sacrifice me life man I bleed for me uncle.
Them no want to run run with me them no want to;
Murder them and the family them belong to.
Next ting them kno I run a street like a cardoor;
You go after me me I dearly depart you.
Hip hop is mine now Mine what you gone do?;
I can jump on any nigga song and make a part two.
Playtime for me cuz see to me they are cartoons;
how come every joint be on point like a harpoon?
How come evry bar stand strong like a barstool?;
how come every line is so raw you gone snort too?

Murder them. Man I murda them. Fuck a competition man I murda them.
Man murda them. Man I murda them. Fuck a competition man I murda them. ...
 and that is why i'm hot...
Its Da Drought 3 lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










Now this is what they've been waiting for
Ya dig Santana
Weezy F.
Ay Wayne
What up man
What you been workin' on nigga?
Oh you know I got Currency's new album
And probably workin' on my album ya dig
Oh I'm ready to brush my shoulders off and drop my next album too nigga
That's what it is
But dig this they wanna know what we been workin' on together
That's that  they know that
So if they ever thought the South and the North was gonna collide
Guess what we already did


I'm feelin' like a black Republican
Naw I can't call it
More like a black Democrat runnin' 'em out of office
Young Barack Obama I'm all for it
The Rock of Gibraltar has now fallen on ya
I protect my land like a farmer
Pockets stay chubby like Tikara
Or should I say fat like the Parkers
Tote big guns like I'm still playin' Contra
Y'all washed up like money that's laundered
Y'all funny I'm bonkers
Honest girls strapped to my dick like a harness
Rock star flier than an ostrich
And I cover east west north south like a compass
I shall shine forever never tarnish
Money buried behind my house like a garden
All green my bank account's like a forest
I Can't Feel My Face is gettin' started
And Weezy is my accomplice ya dig
A black activist like Sonny Carson
Stripes of a sergeant salute me
And chicks I get 'em high
Higher than turbulence is
White Phantom lookin' so Fergielicious
I'm from the city of big drugs and murder victims
Its get rich go to jail and be a murder victim
Ai!
Now all y'all listen
If you can't take the heat get out the kitchen


I feel like a black Republican
Tote a MAC'n Republican
Act so southern n' die for my brethren
Money money money
Like money Mac and publishing
One life to live never ask for a mulligan
Streets call but the heat make me feel covenant
Been done had cake day late like Anne Sullivan
Fly like an eagle but no I'm no Donovan
Boy you better go eat some soup with your mom n' them
And my mind is on another continent
I am real Cash Money no counterfeit
I don't parkin' lot pimp I just politic
But I get all in her mouth like polident
New Orleans represent it to the inner
Come from the city where the glitter don't glimmer
The sun don't shine and the guns don't sleep
Pick a nigga's ass up like he got somewhere to be


And we wanna let the world know
This is not a diss song either people
We don't diss them we dismiss 'em ya dig
Recognize or step aside ya dig
We let the music talk Draught 3
And by the way it's Santana I'm back
It's Weezy!
You dudes gotta stand in the mirror backwards 'cause you can't face yourself
Assholes
DipSet for life
Cash Money lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Weed and syrup is the combination
And the inspiration
As for you pussy niggas
I just realize you can fuck with me and you never will
Bitch ass niggas weezy f. baby believe dat haha yeah

I got them 24 inches sittin on the joe buddens 
In the trunk straight jumpin 
Bitch I can't hear nuthin
And I might do the spurs sittin on them tim duncan
And in the Lambourgini I do donuts like dunkin
Canary bad bitch with a pussy wanna fuck em'
But I just feed em' girls and watch em' fuck each other
My neck was 100 and my wrist was another
And make her pussy wet I leave that bitch with a puddle
On my beats I'm a dog I should rap wit a muzzle
Peyton manning flow I just go no huddle
Baby girl gettin straight dick no cuddle
You know I'm out this world
I just brought a space shuttle
I'ma put some d's on that bitch
And these hoes starting to get like fleas on my shit
Have you seen her? who? nina she's on my hip
Yellow white diamonds call em' cheese on my grits
You niggas ain't ballin real talk you niggas can't guard me
Two niggas can't gurad me you lookin at jordan
From the side like spike at the garden
I got the hardest bars just call me the wardin haha
Yeah excuse me pardon I break a bitch down like tonya harden
Bitch I'm cole not dude off martin
Pockets just fat like the clumps and norbit
Bitch I'm fly like the magic carpet
And bitch I'm fresh like a pack of orbitz
See I'ma take it back to new orleans 
And bitch I'ma shine in the land of darkness
And which I'ma grind till my stacks is as tall as a wall is
And I'm high don't wanna know how deep the fall is
No I can't come down

And everytime I send my girl out of town I put some d's on that bitch
I'm a certified gansta haters make me nauseous
And the money makes me anxious
Listen how my words are poet like langston
Dreads down my back like I come straight from kingston
But I come from hollygrove 17 danger zone
So many c notes I can sing a song
T-top coupe lookin like a thong
Gurl on my dick she treats it like a bone
I don't wanna be right if gettin high is wrong
My eyes so low it look like I come from hong kong
Boy I got more green than a bitch with don juan haha
Ok I'm not a rookie I'ma pro
Methasene fiend make the homies say ho!
And make all the girlies scream
I am a vegetarian and I only eat beats
Wear alot of carrots and I smoke the best greens
No beef in my grocery bag just some swishes
And a whole bunch of cans of whoop ass haha
I'm strapped like a bookbag 
So anyone of ya'll can come and get a foot tag
D.o.a ride all night sleep no way
Sleep when I lay six feet deep and until that day
I'ma be living like it is that day
Yeah I keep holding on lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Uh Umm Weezy you all
Young Money Cash Money
This is Da Drought 3
Ladies and gentlemen you all know me

You know I ride for my motherfunkin' niggas
Most likely I'm gonna die with my finger on the trigger

They tell me don't get high and I should try to make a living
I tell them I'm a hustler and I'd rather make a killing
My eyes is so wide as he watching the skillet
I let my bitch bag it if she steal it I'm gonna kill her
I bulletproof the ride now I feel like armadillas
And fuck you hospital young money we're the illest
And I ain't gotta lie when I tell you I'm the illest
My flow is nasty like C Y Phyllis
Self made G and them bitches know the business
Relying on rap but in the kitchen I'm a chemist
And when I was 5 my favorite movie was 
Ain't got shit to do with this but I just thought that I should mention
You looking for divine and the little intervention
And them birds don't fly without my permission
I'm probably in the sky flying with the fishes
Or maybe in the ocean swimming with the pigeons
See my world is different
Like Dwayne Wayne
And if you want trouble bitch I want the same thing

And you know that I'm gonna ride with my motherfucking niggas
Most likely I'mma die with my finger on the trigger

Don't worry bout mine I'mma grind till I get it
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
'Cause the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
And if you look high you see that I'm gonna be in it
The sky is the limit

Buck Ten in the coupe and your bitch love it
Switching lane faster than she switch subject
Tell a bitch don't talk to me
And if you're talking to them niggas don't talk for free
And I hate when a nigga say talk is cheap
'Cause I'm the type to let money talk for me
My flow is art unique
My flow can part a sea
The only thing on a mind of a shark is eat
By any means and you're just sardine
I got the 40 cal. Tuck in my p.r.ps
What do you expect I'm from New Orleans
And majority of my city is violence
They tried to make a brand new map without us
But the tourists come down and spend too many dollars
And no matter how you change it it will still be ours

And I'm gonna ride with my motherfucking niggas
Most likely I'mma die with my finger on the trigger
Don't worry bout mine I'mma grind till I get it
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
And I'mma tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
Because the sky is the limit
Yeah the sky is the limit
And if you look up high you'll see that I'm gonna be in it
Cause the sky is the limit
And you don't wanna fuck with a soldier
Use your head or I'll take it off ya shoulder
Run up in your house and shoot everyone that's sitting on the living room sofa
(That's fucked up ha ha)
And you don't wanna fuck with a soldier
Use your head or ill take it off ya shoulder
Mail it to your mom put a dozen of roses 
And I'm a G
And you ain't gotta know the alphabet to see
I know that my whole city is depending on me
And I forget a lot of shit but I can not forget the streets

So you know that I'm gonna ride with my motherfucking niggas
Most likely I'm a die with my finger on the trigger
Don't worry bout mine I'mma grind till I get it
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
Don't worry bout mine I'mma grind till I get it
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
Because the sky is the limit
Yeah the sky is the limit
And If you look high you'll see that I'm gonna be in it
'Cause the sky is the limit
They tell me don't get high and I should try to make a living
I tell them I'm a hustler and I'd rather make a killing
'Cause the sky is the limit

Hands up in the air because the sky is the limit
Can you see me up there? The sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
If you don't know nothing about it"Can't Stop Won't Stop" lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics




"Can't Stop Won't Stop"




Goodmorning New York 
Good afternoon New Orleans 
Goodnight America 
This is Young Money...Nikki Minage 


They dont make us to break us no im with tha bakers 
Im gettin bread wit Dread up in Jamaica 
Its them young stunnas 
Nikk and Lil Weezy 
Nikk-Im the chick that go get it like Jeezy 
Fallback cause I do this here 
Step ya bars up or ur through this year 
Yup its onli right that the whole blocks there 
Hopped out the air in the blue and white layer 
Im here Im lit Long hair-Dont care 
Steady starin at my ear cause my ear on glare 
Now its now hard to find me 
Top behind me 
You be Harry Potter and I'll be Hermione 
Il be early 
Im girl the girl they 
Call the 1 like im my first birthday 
Im in that range rov 
Honkin that Kango 
That pussy red cause it tastes like Mango 




YA..dig 
So i guess its my turn and imma go at niggas heads like sideburns 
Big Phantom on the road make a wide turn 
Big light green buds is what I burn 
Nikki since ive been rappin this is what ive learned 
All these other niggas pussy like dry sperm 
And i knock this shit out like Tom Hearns 
If it aint abou money Me no concern 
A paper chaser till my thigh burn 
And never give a bitch what ive earned 
Fuck i look like? 
Im lookin for a bitch that can fuck right cook right 
And if not then left foot right 
Foot get tha steppin Yeah bitch walk like.. 
And my hoes talk like  
And i just say  
We don't fuss fight 
She is just..just....just right 



Ya Diggggggggg!? 

Im on tour till my moneys like the bus height 
Ice lookin bright see me comin like bus lights lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Yezzir

It's me the rapper eater
Ha
Feed me feed me feed me
Ahaha no homo
Yeah

One time for me one time for the DJ
He be Khaled I be Lil' Weezy
Baby if you ask me if your nasty
Creative gifted bastards spit sporadic
I'm so diplomatic democratic
Touch it bring it push it systematic

Damn right I kissed my Daddy
I think they pissed at how rich my Daddy is
And I'm his kid I stunt with my Daddy
Call Ms Lee she with my Daddy
So diss me and don't diss my Daddy
'Cause who was there when no one wasn't
Just my Daddy
Who was there when I needed money
Just my Daddy
So who be there when I see the money
Just my Daddy
Who said that I'd be the one
Just my Daddy
Hello Hip-Hop I'm home
It's your Daddy

When I say these
I don't mean the caddy
I mean these nuts Akon and Khaled
Rick Ross Tip Stunting and Fat Joe
And I can-can-can't forget Brisco
And yeah I had to squash the bullshit with so
Its a bakery here just trying to get dough
Shout through my dreads my Haitians and chicos
You looking for me Ho
I'm in the 3-0
5 I'm the best rapper alive
Homeboy gotta mind that a map couldn't find
Homeboy gotta nine gotta that a cop couldn't find
But I'd be getting to it even if I was blind
Like a scary movie they screaming when I rhyme
I'm a King you can ask Stephen if I'm lying
I'm a Prince too demanding like my Mom
Too bold too cold like wet salami and

ME ME
It's all about ME
If a girl got a voice then she talk bout ME 
He say she say I say ME
We'll be in the M.I.A. ME
And me and T and big Ronnie
And the homie Street probably somewhere on the beach
And Tez and E probably somewhere in the jeep
And Marl in the Phantom with Mr. G

And ME ME it's all about ME
Play with me and it's all our beef
Beef! Yes! Chest! Feet!
Tag! Bag! Blood! Sheets!
Yikes! Yeeks! Great! Scott!
Storch! Can I borrow your yacht?
Watch me and my click go all out
Like the ball in the stands we balls out

Boy I don't know what y'all bout
But I just spit like a dog mouth
Big ice been looking like a hog mouth
VROOOOOOMM I had to bring the hog out
Light them trees bring a log out
Every day Christmas"Get High Screw Da World" lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics




"Get High Screw Da World"




Drought 3 
Hear My Chains Haha 
That Mean I'm Ballin Bitch 
If Ya Didn't Know 
If You Wasn't Informed 
Or Somethin Like That 
This Is Da Drought 3 
And Um Check This Out 

Yeah Imagine Waking Up Out Ya Sleep To Them Pistols Blastin 
And If The Witness Is Dead There's No Trial 
If You Didn't Know Then Hoe Well Ya Know Now 
And I Don't Mean Basketball When I Say I Don't Know Yao 
Money Money Money Money Boost My Mor-Al 
Play With My Money Money Money O.K. Co-Ral 
I Like A Bitch With A Apple Bottom Like Vokal 
The Top Is At My Fingertips Like I Ain't Got No Nails 
I Got Blood Brothers Bitch I Ain't Got Pals 
I Make A Girl Get Low Like I Ain't Got No L's 
I'm A Paper Chasin Dog Check My Toenails 
And I Never Miss A Game No Shaq O'neal 
More Like Brett Favre Just Like Brett Favre 
I Been Shot 2 Times Just Wipe That Off 
But I Thank You For Putting Me Right Back Lord 
And To You Father I Would Give My Life Back For It 
That Knife That Sword That Gun That War 
Make Ya So Called Soldiers Just Run Like Gore 
Yeah Frank that is From San Francis And I Got More Banana Clips Then Chimpanzees 
1o Addresses And I Dresses Like I Thinks I'm The Mothafuckin Best There Is 
And I'm About To Bubble And She Catch That Fizz And I'm Straight From Clayborne Nigga Just Ask Liz 
Check Ya Neck There Aint A Crook Like This 
From The City Where The Judge Throw The Book At Kids 
Burna In School In My Bookbag Hid Talk Stupid At Lunch And We Havin Ya Ribs 
If You Are Not Home Then We Havin Ya Kids 
And If You Can't Come Up With Half We'll Send You Half Of Ya Kid 
Back To The Board An Extravagant Crib I'm On The Toilet Watchin Martin Just Laughin & shyt
Don't Know Why I Get High But I Get High I Get High Like Every Single Day 
We Do Shit That Them Other Women Can't Maryjane What Is It You've Done To Me 
I Pop A Beat And Start Rollin And Then I Smoke It Like A Mothafuckin Stogie 
Pete pye Wrote It I Was Rappin To The  Fuck It 
Get High Screw The World And Thats That 
I Need All My Funds Yeah All My Money Baby 
Black Diamonds And Pearls Believe That 
I May Bling Bling And My Chest Look Like A Mural 
I'm Nuts Just Call Me Squirrel 
My Fetish Is The Girls But The Women Not The Girls 
Act Your Age Not Your Shoe Size Maybe We Can Do The Twril 
I'll Be The Prince Of A Pearl tongue Earring In Her Pearl tongue 
If She Come Let Her Girl Come Give Her A Pill Give Her Girl One 
Party time Excellent Yeah Wayne's World Campbell's Soup On The Wrist Just Call Me Earl 
Lil Ma Don't Shoot 'em Ya Heard I Get High My Words Slur I Start Callin 'em Mirl
Hey Mirl Light That Fur And I Know This Old But I'm Really Hot In Herre 
I Went With The Phantom My Niggas Copin Spurs 
My Hands In The Pot I'd Rather Eat And Stir 
Its I Againt The World And I'm Strapped Yeah 
I Bring All My Guns Shoot Mothers Fathers Babies Damn 
Black Hand Guns To Serve We Could See 
But We Are So Blind To The Signs They Tryin To Lose The World 
And We Will Walk Right Up With Our Guns Yup Hand And Hand Yeah 
We'll March Right After The Drum lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Dough is what I got lil mama
Dough is what I got pretty lady
Dough is what I got shortie
Dough is what I got baby
C'mon I'm paid 


Give a woman none uh-huh
I already gave my brother some it's my sister turn
Ain't it funny how the fish do burn
But your boy just relax like a fresh new perm
At the world in the barrel of the pistol term
Well we get it how we live never live and learn
Gotta talk about the flow 'cause you is concerned
Only down south rapper could've been in the firm
Or the commissioner of Wu-Tang nigga
Tryna tell you I can kick it like Liu Kang nigga
Got the Sub-Zero flow how you want me ma
Nigga get over here like Scorpion
And when it comes down to this recording
I must be Lebron James if he's Jordan
No I want rings for my performance
I'm more Kobe Bryant of an artist
Same coach same game been starting
...Same triangle offense
I come through the lane like dargent
Refree niggas is lame they call charging
I have no brain I'm retarded
We are not the same I'm a Martian
You can be my Jane I'm your Tarzan
I'm from the jungle where the snakes is all poison
I am magnificent like Marcus
You might wanna fall back like August
Or late September whatever you call it
I hit niggas in the head like Vonage
I am talking to no particular audience
But understand I'm the guardian
And understand there won't be no guarding him
You will just get played like an accordion
I don't give a damn if she's bossy
I keep pussy running like a faucet
She better catch like she Steve Largent
Because I'm  like 


See I know y'all be talking about and you don't like what you hear sometimes
But um um since I'm so bright I'm gonna put the spotlight on you baby


Show me what are you 'bout lil daddy?
I know you need to stop stop hating
I know what you not wodie
And that is Weezy Baby
Blunt's up now
Blaze 


Tell the world take six
Young dictionary make words make sense
Then I make cents make dollars
Make a skinny girl holla make the fat girl hungry
Make the ugly girls want me but the pretty girls on me
Make the shy girl horny make the fly girls corny
And only for me because I flew I-A-M holla back in the morning
Hey now holla back if you on set
The CEO of the moment
Bullshit I don't condone it
Aw baby just hop on it


You like that
I know
Marley what up
Hey hey lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









I like my seat down low and my window slightly
Cracked riding with a bad hoe and her girlfriend in the back.
I like to get real high and never look back and you don't wanna try me don't
I look strapped

I come from the hardest city ain't nobody fucking with it
got a black and gold sole and a fresh new Orleans fitted
a colared polo and a pair of bally bucks
young money motherfucker know you worried about us
cash money motherfucker C.M.R. I trust
Never had my jaw broken but his jaw I bust and I
Probably got you girlfriend on my bus what happened
On my bus stays on my bus and that white widow
Weed out the jar is a must if you gimme a cigar than
A cigar I bust put that white widow weed in the
Cigar and puff look ma I'm trying to make a prono
Staring us well not just us a couple foreign sluts
We could make the summer manal n tralling you all
And I be with Jim Jones and we be balling balling yeah
Baby we balling like rawlin and spaldin pint of DJ
Screw and that Hawaiian I am leaning like a three
Legged lion climbing right to the top of the motherfucking mountain
counting I'm gonna need an accountant
To count it many got this fucking beat pounding it's
Pounding but it was just lost until I found it found it
Stole it like a scoundrel holly grove hounded put
This bitch to sleep fucking right I night gowned it
Niggas talking shit tell them niggas pipe down
Bitch bloods in the building and every body soundless
beating up the track like a motherfucking round fist
Blind lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










I'm from de cocaine era packs in my stroller
Two beepers and a flip startech Motorola
Bally silts? Kangol tilts
Stand straight when the boss talkin hush yo lips
My affiliates contract hits
I let da street declare war when you want dat beef
Talk cheap get money I was taught to ride
Loyalty came first and we dont switch no sides
Imma savage on the block nickel rocks and heroin hopes
I walked da ghetto like them but I was takin my notes
Certified goon the locks on standby
I just need a couple real niggas I can stand by 
A bad bitch wit hips
And two niggas on the interstate takin them trips
Im into carrots like Bugs Bunny
Young Brisco da New Cash Money


 Reportin live from da booth
Im killin these bitches Young Wayne ??
Untamed and loose plus drank and juice
I was once a spark into a flame it grew
I dont complain to you dont complain to me
Erbody got beef and I just came to eat
Im in da game for D if you in my lane I beat
I been runnin this shit and i aint neva sprained my knee
And guess who came home Roney da OG
He still on paper nigga we neva free
And fo my homie Streets imma twist one up
He cant even hit da kush he gotta piss in da cup
What is dis on my wrist shit its sicker than uggh
Yo Brisco there aint a sky bigger than us
Wats good im in diamonds is you tippin or what
I took ya bitch and she aint comin back to work fo a month Weezy!


Im in da all red slide spur? sittin on Ashantis
Wit a bad red bone dat look somethin like Ashanti

Ok Light brown tan medina
Wit a light brown thick thing like Trina
Um you probably seen us
Rippin da streets up wit no top between us

Your so genius
Dats my word you know I got you twin
You a real nigga dog thanks for lettin me in

Yea we in the game now and im bettin we win
And im da rapper landlord just collectin my rent

I put da house on lil Bris he gon eat dis year
stop fo da real niggas who aint see dis year

Open ya eyes open ya eyes cash money has a new face
And we go tie da shit up like a shoelace'

And dats me da young hood messiah lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Me me i'ts all 'bout me 
Play with me and its mad I'll be. 
Please not me she said ! 
I will kill you lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Ride till i die just because pyru b's up bitch I'm me


Young money is the label
Let us in the door coming in this bitch all red to the floor
And I'm blooded soowoo and I'm blooded soowoo
I got bloods on stage bloods at my shows
Fuck with my bloods got blood on your clothes
And I'm blooded soooowooo 

Once again its on yea I'm back in the booth
Stand at the top like a tac in the roof
Still on these hoes like a mack in a suit
Still on my toes not a crack in my shoe
Rappers talking about me but I don't give a hoot
These niggas still lying I'm the motherfucking truth
Talk tough till I knock off your kuff
And I own my team I'm like a Maloof
They hating on me I'm just trying to be weezy
Just like young jeezy in lambobingghini
Smoked out my mind baby and now I'm seeing 3D
Dope boy fresh from my fitted to my DC
All red so these hoes know who we be
We B's Bloods we B's
Pop pop flow yea you all niggas sweet peas
Gettin high on a yacht call it sea weed


Yea I advance my flow and they must like that
They like it so much they say they write that
Barkin at the dog but I don't bite back
I ain't CPR I ain't bringing they life back
Bad CPR bad bitch on a bite back
Skittles on my wrist yea nigga the bright pack
I'm gonna shine I live with light hat
Airforce fly call me a night jet
Brand new coupe same color as the sky
The dash same too lord know I'm gonna try
Cop pull me over lord know I'm gonna lie
They go up in my trunk lord know I'm gonna fry
Them niggas throwing salt all over my fries
So I'm gonna just walk all over them guys
Niggas throwing darts never hit the bullseye
Young money bitch new Orleans east side



Yea lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Dro fuck with me!
Live from the 504 it's Mr. Crazy flow
Jumping like a bungee no rope
Even in the dungeon I glow
Even if ain't sunny I glow
If it ain't about money I go
Nowhere I'm nailed to the floor
Money controls where I go
It is the sail to my boat
And it's going down it's going down
Like there's a whale in the boat
See you can smell that I smoke
And yep I sip that lean
You hit me with that combination that make my eyes bleed
I'mma shark in the water yep I swim with the big
So I don't have time to deal with Willy the squid
L-lilly pad niggas l-look at the monster
Y-you don't want to crash like la la bamba
See it's me on the interey
And my new drop is very water-melon plum
Just call it fruit punch
I'm an old rapper getting new bucks
And all you new rappers your just new lunch.
Flow sick so sick need a doc yes
A creature monster like the Loch Ness
I get hotter by the tock before I sizzle to death
I just tell the clock 
In the middle of the war where my enemy at
I'm runnin' this bitch like
Eric b enemy back
'cause everytime I hit a track I'm like an energy pack
the instruments are crying out where the sympathy at?
If you betting money baby him will be back
Whatever legends look like bitch I'm fin to be that
I walked right in hip hop like where my dinner be at?
I ate that and I was like where my dinner be at?
I hate that women lie so I lie to them back.
Got two bitches in my pants quiet neither them that
a lot of bitches want dick lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








I pop my trunk and everybody get to running
The  bitch like my body in the oven.
I'm one egg short I'm just tryin to get a dozen.
My name like honey it got all the bitches buzzing.
The neck of the barrel is so long and narrow
And it shoot a bunch you just lunchin and munching like Farrel.
Bloodshot eye's on the sparrow
I stay high but on-point like an arrow.
Street nigga baby Im in love with the gravel
Money gives me life like the man with the gavel
I'm straped at home I'm strapped when i travel
I pop my trunk and make the bitches spread like cattle



...and i feed him banana clips
And he sing like Gladys Knight and the Pips
Im just sticking to the muthafucking manuscript
Understand im tryin to get the chips and the dip.
Better know i hold that gun with a Panther grip
My hollow bullets got tips like a dancer bitch.
Where my money? Where my money? You need to answer quick
Or I'll get back on my ransom shit. 
So you'll be laying ontop of speakers.
Holes all in you like an old pair of sneakers.
Before I do a day on the edge I will leap first.
Bet you any money that I will land feet first.
Married to the Benjamins battle all my enemies
Riding with Big Foot Harry and the Hendersons.
Godzilla King Kong...and if i have to park lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Oh Yea
Cut the music up in the phones Drew
My hair is blockin' me

My shit growin' like my money....Hah

Let's Go

Yeazzzzirrr


Uh...I'm so Dipset - Dipsouth Baby
If you don't like it nigga fuck you with a AIDS dick
I hope you die 30 times nigga murder moms
No fast talk I'm on that syrup I'm on that turpentine
If killer say the nigga dead then a nigga dead
If stunner say the nigga dead then a nigga dead
VIP - We be then niggas banging in the red
Don't drink krystile no more just pour it on white bitches head
This ain't no Tommy Hilfiger this that Polo Hoe
We are the biggest group alive to get that solo doe
And we gonna get that dough until they say there's nomore doe
I smoke that ounce
I got that bounce
I got that pogo flow
Just show a video with R.Kelly but No Homo though
Really didn't wanna do it but I fuck with T S and Fat Joe Joe though
I am a robot and this robot is on overload
And bitch I always will be hot like I'm in overcoats



Um..dollar after dollar
Holla at ya Guala
I'm rolling like the stones
I need a water bottle
And if you need a pill
T.Streetz and Carter got 'em
Supply the whole party
We got the party popping
We in New Orleans popping
We way in Harlem popping
In California popping
Them Ed Hardy rocking skinny whore with all them problems
Bitch you can eat these pills and chill and tell me all about 'em
Hold up my heart is knocking
Don't worry water stops it
Hold up your mouth is dry
Don't worry water mops it
I got a great idea
We should have sex
Bitch I'm like Dante Hall
I just throw up the X
My dick be still hard
I be so up for next
That's when you slip up and fuck around and fuck your ex
That be that bullshit
But it's the fucking best!
I get her to pop a pill lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Forever Forever

Str8 up gangstahollygrove gangsta
lay a nigga down in pink stuff
them soft ass dudes just think
tough we shooting put them shanks up
we just tryin to live till summer
and put them mincs up im 
sync up in the cope the eyes chenk up
pull up on a bitch with the light
that night linked up
whole lotta shit in the life
as young boss but
that vvs ice will bite ya 
face off yea i ignite
and take off now catch
up im the best doing it come on niggas 
fess up nigga feel different he can chest
up guess what i bring to
his chest to his right lung and left lung
nigga get a check up nigga put ya check up
i swear im on fire need 
water like a hiccop
so i guess i can might as well say that im
the best today and


Forever Forever

Candy paint T im ridin the peppermint
even my leather got my leather
trim im rollin up the element
i shutin em in the trunk like a elephant
bet u remember it like elephant
I got this rap bottle up like medicine
whose better than lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Voo voo sha ay wa bitches 
Re re re remix 



Chilling in my beama


Sitting in me phantom


Listening to either


Listening to the anthem


weezy that bad man lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Yeah
Tell 'em
Yeah
Weezy bad
Na really I'm good
Sound like a T-Rex live under my hood
Better know the tec live under my seat
Put you in the ground
Now you live under my feet
All white diamonds on the front of my teeth
And you better put O in front of my G
The bullshit they talking doesn't come to my knee
I'm like a linebacker don't run it by me
My to best friends will accompany me
And right now they are in my dungaree sleep
One name Mack one name Nenna
They hit you make you do the Macarenna
Where you tools
you gonna need like a motherfucker
And I'm so New Orleans it's like a motherfucker
It's young money and we eating get you own suppa
Make me go off to the trunk and get the bone crusher


Tech's AK's lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Drought 3 yeahhhh aint shit to say
hahahaha bitch oh streis snack lemme get em

You kno we strap all day and ride all night this is the life of a the life of a N.O. Nigga N.O. Nigga N.O. Nigga 
you kno nigga since the hurricane came came shit aint been right if u visit my city you could lose your life in the 
N.O. Nigga N.O. Nigga N.O. Nigga N.O. Nigga

I could fuck with this flow nigga
not my flow nigga no nigga no young no old nigga
im cold nigga ice cold nigga 
garflow i spit bi bos nigga 
rifles nigga chop-chop bitch u pop and lock in my gun i like em pop bitch my shit poppin like im chris no chris brown bitch its uptown bitch that
uptown shit like wat now shutup ur shutdown bitch now sitdown bitch we gets down bitch now sitdown bitch dont make a sound bitch like a clown bitch that
red dot cover your nose like a clown bitch so dont run cause ima gun you down bitch bitch dont i smell dont i sound rich im like stunna im blowin out
the pound bitch i dont need help 
i aint goin down bitch cause in the pool im on the ball like the round tip yea 8-ball side pocket i leave the club with two bitches in my pocket 

hah naked pictures to my sidekick tell ya bitch quit sending them pictures to my sidekick and quit instant messaging my I.M. myspace tom them bitches
acting like im him and fuck the best nigga I AM bitches wanna fuck like there me and im them yeaa they share me like oxygen i got game and within a game i
got em in im talkin championship rings i gotta win we talkin championship rings i got ten and im on ma championship mayne just look at slim hah for them
haaah

Now crack your k and leave your knives 
this is the life of a this is the life for us GUERILLAS COKE DEALERS lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Bitch im back on my grizzy 
Young money where ya at? 
Two tables and a mic 
Tell the Dj run it back 

Bitch im back on my grizzy 
Young money where ya at? 
If you fuck wit Younh Money 
Yougn Money where you at? 
Like the energizer bunny wit a battery pack 
Boy that drummer keep drummin like B-r-r-at-at-at-tat 
Or B-r-r-rump-bum-bum-bum 
Im so young but im a Giant like Fe-Fi-Fo-Fum 
Just bought a new crib And insides so dumb 
Got some money put away incase the hurricane come 
Im a fuckin shame huh? yea i know yea i know 
I go out the country to get all my clothes and my hoes 
And i go out my way just to get my dro and my doe 
Cause I love it more than i do my hoes yes i doess 
I got gasoline comin out my pours 
Imma torch 
I got glasses like that white boy Scott Storch 
And a porshe 
I got license for tha scortch 
Snipers at your porch 
Rifles by the forts 
And we shoot up courts 
The judge juss a bitch 
The jury suck dick 
Im a eastside blood 
And i dont smoke that crip 
I smoke that kutch 
First name Bubba 
First names Young 
Last name Stunna 
Carter in the office 
Take notes when im talkin 
Smooth as a cruz boat floats when im walkin 
I boast cause im ballin 
I boast to be ballin 
When im on the phone wit bitches man the money keep callin 
You aint satisfied till ya son'll be callin 
Tellin you where to leave the money in the mornin 
Ok you wanna zombie mover instead 
Thats when you walk in ya house and everybody dead 
I can take a shit where i stand 
Where i stand...and watch you pussies piss in ya pants 
You aint a man your a hoe 
I can kill him with the flow 
And then play the guitar at the fuckin funeral 
Big guns so they drinkin big shots 
And my gam go Saddam Hussein and missile launch 
The Corrain call me Wayne Chain 
Listen ma i dont know karate but after the brain i kick you out 
You niggas suck like tony romo no homo 
And im all about my money i get paid for promo yeaa 
Im the man in this bitch they say money talks wel.. 
Im tha ventriloquist 
And if i ever jump il prolly land in ya bitch 
Boy that hoe colder than my hand and my wrist 
Boy im more cooler than a fan and a mint 
And when im done this track we'll need a couple bandages 
I be wit savages and im above average 
Im a crazy ass star like a fuckin asterick 
You niggas cant see me im on my casper shit 
Runnin so much game i fuck around and lap a bitch 
If love like a grocery i juss bag a bitch 
And you kno im gonna score like Deion after picks 
Im rollin on a pill she get that mornin after dick 
And when my roll came down guess whut i did after it 
I popped and took some patrone shots 
I pop popped and took some Grey goose shots 
I pop popped...yea.. 
Young Money bitch and if you niggas wan' do it  we chop chop 
Leave ya back on tha block 
We pop cops 
And there aint no rights on my block 
I got shop 
I got that dro i got them pills i got that yay lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








 kush...good kush
Weezy dip dip wayne set set
And i grip techs leave em waterbed wet
And i know just where to put these hollow tips 
His chest his chest his chest 

A yo i take on a gang of gangs 
Anything animals arrangatangs
Gorillas turn to bape and apes when i make it rain
I got a whole collection
I got a dope connection
I got a coke connection
I got a doe infection
No homo my flow is hard as an erection
So that's why it's fuck the world wit protection 
Pay attention to the lecture my words carry life like a stretcher 

You know young wayne in here 
Smellin teen spirit like kurt cobain is here 
We got them thangs in here and we will bang in here 
And the bank is here  linclon's here grant is here jackson's here franklin's here them dead muthafuckas
And the drank is here dank is here here stank in here gangstas here wankstas fear that red muthafucka

And my city hot ride wit da itchy cock
Coop wit the titties pop
Murda fo da city cop
And i got the hatas like when will he stop maybe a minute after  never set ya clock

I'm a nut case uptown's my birthplace 
They feel me comin like the weekend on thursday
We got vegas chips  nigga bet bet
I hope you boys ready because i'm jet set
And when i come up in the building you already know bitch wet bitch wet bitch wet 
 yeah

Yes umm gloves drowes socks tees all made by Ralph Lauren
No shades just my eyeballs watchin' em 
Tattoos on top of them
Igloos for watches and champaign for breakfast
And sports cars for lunch and pussy for dinner
I eat rappers and call it pussy for dinner 

Ask the paprazzi i'm in a mazardi
Ridin shoty bad bitch clyde and bonnie
I call her kami that's short for kamikaze
She call me daddy and never short wit daddy money
It's weezy babay shine like a brass monkey
I'm neva broke neva have a cast on me
Always paid always got cash on me 
I gotta feed the pockets on my pants hungry

I'm a phantom haula lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








And who I be? Weezy Baby and honey please say the baby 
And I got em on they knees saying baby 
I'm a goodfella they bout to make me 
But I been made ho I been paid ho 
I spent 2000 dollas on these shades ho' 
I'm red hot I'm ice cold 
I got enough cheese keep me out that mice hole 
I got nice hoes I got bad bitches 
Yea Daddy's rich I got their bitches 


Hey where we from new orleans 
Hurricanes pussy poppa's murder scenes 
And what we drink?  
That lean  
Cuz that liquor get a nigga ass beat  
And what we smoke? That piffy  
Presidential shit bill clinton  
Black phantom  windows tinted  
Presidential shit monica lewinsky 


Back for the Motha Fuckn title its your idle 
Get money 'til I die got my hand on the bible 
I'm a scrap what I'm writing wit a hand full of rifle 
If ya man feelin Eifel Imma make his ass leeeeaaan 
Yeeah 60 grand cut the lights on 40 grand for the floor cut the mic on 
Thats right ho Hawaiian punch sprite so purple wit the 'tuss 
Bitch I'm on that leaaaan 
Yeah and I'm on that green 
Won a championship I'm still on that team 
Yeah and I'm ya woman's dream 
And If ya feelin' cold man Imma blow that steam  
Hah and I'm so damn clean 
These leaves cost a stack that's throw back jeans 
You wouldn't know that you don't roll like me 
We in the building everything cool until I scream  


Hey where we from new orleans 
Hurricanes pussy poppa's murder scenes 
And what we drink?  
That lean  
Cuz that liquor get a nigga ass beat  
And what we smoke? That piffy  
Presidential shit bill clinton  
Black phantom  windows tinted  
Presidential shit monica lewinsky 


Ridin' in the caddy mo' 
Blowin like sachmo 
I'm highly strapped low 
Baby go from what ya know 
Tinteds turn pictures change new photo different frame 
Money up champagne still posin' same game 
Cash money still do it for the money 
Gotta black car grey car gas car green car 
Backyard theme park front yard car show 
I'm somewhere in the house 
And it's like where's waldo? 
Ten bricks straight powder air cargo 
Weezy F. straight hustlin' no barcode 
You don't know what my heart holds straight fuel 
Take ya bitch from the club make her ass a mule 
Put some weight on her back make her ass move 
She give daddy money back that's a fast move 
40 G's one chain that's a man jewels 
45 for the Jag dude 


Hey where we from new orleans 
Hurricanes pussy poppa's murder scenes 
And what we drink?  
That lean  
Cuz that liquor get a nigga ass beat  
And what we smoke? That piffy  
Presidential shit bill clinton  
Black phantom  windows tinted  
Presidential shit monica lewinsky 


Uh smooth out my mansion to my whip 
I leave the bullshit inside wit my bitch 
I move the heavy ass gun from my hip 
Then I sit the same heavy ass strap on my lap 
I'm steady as crack wit the strap 
I'm heavy as da-white but Dwayne not fat 
I'm right like Betty and the fetti is the facts 
The Birdman Junior holla back where ya stack 
I'm just tryin' to let my hair back 
And chill where they got some air at lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








I remember then
Back in december it wuz winter
Like '89
Shit i must of been 7 goin on 8
And comin from da kitchen wuz a echo from all da base
And i aint talkin bout speakas umm mmm
I saw my daddy in there i would stare
But i wouldnt touch
But it wasnt because i didnt know enough
Shit..i jus knew too much
So i stop bein lazy and i became creative
And i learned how to create it
And all dat pots for me!!!
So come see... or come eat

And i hope dat she is having da ride of her life
No red lights inside jus a bare room wit green lights ummm mmm
Come on now 
Who did you where did you why did you what did you think she was
Haahaaa thats ur hoe my guns of water help your garden grow...no

Yeah i know dat wuz crazy
But i think u are more crazy..yer 
Than her
Cuz she is no daisy
Shit she jus pottery
Wit no seeds
So she cant eat

My heroes had da broads and da cars wit big ol' rims
And i could remember slangin thinkin 
I wanna be like them 
Ever since i was little ever since i was little 
I lived life numb

It made so much since for me to run
When da 5-0 come
Cuz i aint dumb umm mmm

And dat shit i hated
Like early 90s late 80s
I wuz husltin as a baby
U can ask eagle street about me
Ima g

Ever since i wuz little eva since i wuz little i tote my gun
Cuz it made no sense where i wuz from hmmm 
To walk around wit none
Shitnicca u would be crazy
Cuz niccas is crazy
And im a 80s baby
U should be proud of me
Cuz in dem streets
Im hot like da 80s
And my temperatures raisin
Im at 100 im blazin
Sumbody shower me
Please pret-ty please

You can call me wizzle or u can call me wayne
Man eitha one but its weezy baby for your slut
I told her weezy baby i told her more than once
But she just say baby she jus calls me baby
She jus screams out baby when she's on top of me
And da sheets be stickin like pages
And da bed is so stanky 
If she say dat is my baby lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









I've been lonely I've been waiting for you
I'm pretending and that's all I can do 
The love I'm sending ain't making it through to your heart 


Pain since I've lost you I'm lost too
Nigga feelin' like he at the bottom like a horse shoe
Sorry for the trouble that I put you and your heart through
God knows that I'd do anything for a part two or to
be prayin' for the day you come back to me sayin' that you forgive me
Give me another chance I'm needin' it like a kidney
I don't wanna advance give me back her hands
Give me back her touch I don't ask for much
but I fucked up I know I fucked up I admit I fucked up
but everybody fuck up now this other nigga lucked up
Tellin' me and my clique don't give a fuck
Cause um we from New Orleans she was from Georgia
She was my down chick I was her soldier
I was her gangsta she was my shoulder
You were the pistol to my holster .. BANG!


You've been hiding never letting it show
Always trying to keep it under control 
You got it down and your well on your way to the top 
but there is something you forgot


You forgot about the house you forgot about the ring
I remember everything I just wanna hear you sing
I remember the love right after the fights
You can't tell me you don't remember those nights
and if I would cry then you would cry twice
To me you are the brightest star under sunlight
See take away my title take away my stripes
You give me back my girl and you give me back my life
Give me back my girl and you give me back my life
See this is just a nightmare so I blink twice
Open up my eyes hopin' she'd be in my sight
I remember the time I wish I could bring it back
What she mean to me is what I mean to rap 


You've been hiding  never letting it show
Always trying 
to keep it under control 
You got it down 
and your well on your way to the top



But I hope you haven't forgot about me up in the livin' room watchin' Sports Center
You were cookin' dinner I was such a sinner but the Lord is a forgiver
You know they say if you pray then you can get your blessings ordered and delivered
and your boyfriend is not like me
Ma you even went and got a teardrop like me
I remember we would sit at home all day
You called me  I called you 
My momma asked about you my partners did too
I know your daughter will be so amazin' like you
and I know you probably wish you never met me and I just wish you never forget me
and let me say please don't worry 'bout the women I have been with
No engagement can amount to your friendship
and I hope that nigga know he got a queen and all I can do is dream .. DAMN!


I've been lonely I've been waiting for you
I'm pretending lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Yeah...
Empire...
Lil Wayne...
Question...
Cash Money...
Dope Supply


Living in a World a Fantasy 

His Back against the wal

Living in a World a Fantasy 

Perfect
His back against the wall



Yeah Straight off the corner Apple and Eagle
Brave hard bitch like the times I'm medieval
Married to the block Divorce the Cathedral
Standin on the corner selling Porcelean to People
Forced into evil Its all in your head
It's also cerebral call me Canival
You follow when I lead you
Straight to the needle 
The barrel the battle the beetles will eat you
Mama named Cita I love You Cita
Member when your pussy Second husband used to beat ya
Remember when I went into the kitchen got the cleever
He ain't give a fuck I ain't give a fuck neither
He could see the devil see the devil in my features
You could smell the ether
You can see Cita
You can see the Cita see the Cita in my features
I am her voice and the World is my speaker
I'm speakin


Living in a World a Fantasy 

His back against the wall
Living in a World a Fantasy 

His back against the wall


With my spine up against these
Tagged up brick walls
Fliip grams quick hands Quicksand Pitfalls
Big Balls intact through error Syntac's

That Stormy Whether where the Trees don't bend back
Left home at 16
I ain't never been back
When it come to being broke I say I never been flat
I punk ass bitch I ain't never been that
Reminisce how Daddy cuaghta  in his lap
IN his newport box with only one stick left
Snort heroin then he'd shove me in the chest
Used to really believe I never be the best
Hell must be on my shoulders Cuz the devil seent the rest
Right on it through his binge's and
Then poisinous Syringe's
Beaten on my mama kicked the doors of the hinges
I wish I was old enough to stop him when he did it
So long agao but even I cant forget it 
So listen


Living in a World a Fantasy 

His back against the wall
Living in a World a Fantasy 

His back against the wall


Demonic in my presence
Street corner like a reverend
Tryna find the change Shining lightining like I'm in heaven
Triple seven Triple Six
Trebulations Triple trip
Triple grip triple spitiin' like a had a trple lip
Lets make simple sense of the main difference
Angel if Death's Wing gotta s sinner in a Clench
Revolver in my fist Earthworm to a fish
Bait on the line watch me cath them with this
Hope flound compound off round White rock
Ballin like Earl man I go in his high tops
Third eye cyclops beaten down by five cops
Left for dead and it ain't even my block
Think of my pops thinkin of my moms
Rather be just blazin listenin to Saigon
Cuz when u think up lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Young money motherfucker
uh huh
that's right
now don't you know
I'm a beast
eastside
up in the beat


Straight from the bottom of the cut
I give it to these bitch niggas like momma taught me
one man with no weapon at war but I'm an army
my flow is capital attention lieutenant your penit pension
and they demolished that invention
you better get your dollars up
and guess what I was up
I get my cheese like Mickey Mouse
or else you better Donald Duck
like a shooting range target
I get all kind of bucks
be my shooting range target
nigga I got good luck
nigga bye bye good luck
got your momma shook up
little bad ass nigga who thought Popeye wasn't tough
I'm on that lala twist it up
I'm on that syrup slow it down
and I like four freaks too and I ain't young jock but it's going down
I buy that marijuana field then I just smoke it down
big bad wolf yes I just blow it down
no homo and to holly grove I will hold it down
like a circle of knives I got the sharpest flow around


Future 
Future 
Future 
Future 
Future 
Future 
Future 
Future 
Future 
Future 
Future 
Future 
Future 


Bitch I'm Mack Maine
I got the heart of a king blood of a slave
feel like I've been there before my second time to the grave
but it's one life to live that's why I'm getting paid
off a flow that's priceless I just got it appraised
spit like I need a raise
blaze as I gaze at the stars and ask the lord
why the culprit at the pall pit
it make me sick to my stomach
that's why I rap like a pregnant woman I don't spit I vomit
so pay homage me and wayne two G's
like twenty hundreds
and we keep the semi's blunted
and we live like brothers from another
so fuckk with him and mack gonna react like you did me something
that's a hint to you David
throwing shots at Goliath
this the new testament where the victor is the giant
so you should get your way and lose the hate
remember males shouldn't be jealous lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Yea
But she always say
But she luv my style
Yea


N if I stay out late
I'm commin home rich
Thinkin bout that pussy
On the grind got me home sick
Them dolla signs on my mind got me on this
If I don't hustle then wat happens in the mornin?
Do the sun even rise?
Do the birds sing?
When I can stand ova the stove n make the birds sing
U think about that
I'll be right back
Ring
There she go baby come right back
Click
Ring
Then she call right back
Click 
Ring
I toss the phone in the back
Quick 
Think
Shyt u all I got
But if u leave me where u met me
Dat be on that clock
Gettin it
N when a nigga hittin it
U luvin
No cryin no fussin
Just as simple I'm commin
So when ya baby boy out there runnin
Dont cry 
Dont fuss
Its simple I'm commin


I kno what he does 
So in luv 
My baby
Dats my baby
Have his baby some day
N yes its been hard
So hard
Oooooo
N dats my baby
I luv him
I luv him yawl


Yea
I roll up on ha
N dat earth toner
She can smell the work on me
When I work on her
I see through that smerk on her
It hurts sort of
N I been n to deep since my first order
I just tell her don't expect the worst
She say she don't want to be stuck standing next to a nerf
I say I don't want to be stuck standing next to a curve
She said she don't wanna
I say shut up you pressing my nerve
She said who you tellin shut up
Then she get up
Start packing her shit up
Start calling her sister
Her sister dosn't pick up
The tensions start to pick up
She cryin she got hick ups
I'm tellin her to cheer up
I'm layin down she say sit up
I sit up she push me down I sit up
She push me down I get up
Then I act like I'm a hit her 
But I'm a better nigga 
She cant find a better nigga naw


I kno what he does 
So in luv 
My baby
Dats my baby
Have his baby some day
N yes its been hard
So hard
Oooooo
N dats my baby
I luv him
I luv him yawl


I think about you when I'm riding dirty 
I say I love you when I left I hope you heard
In case I neva make it back I hope you heard me
In if you ever have twinz name them bright and early
Cause I'm out for the money I hope you down with it
No this ain't game but I'm found in it
And why be in it if I'm not gon win it
So ill be playin till the last minute u don't get it
See that ground hurt when you hit it
I wouldn't lie baby
But fuck with me and you forever fly baby
So far from the buttom I swear
You can smell the work in the air I'm there 
You can never take that from me
And what I been through you cant take back from me
If I offend you then mama get back from me
But if you love then I know you coming back for me lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Help! Help!
Help I need somebody
Help not just anybody
Help you know I need someone
Help! Help!
Help I need somebody
Help not just anybody
Help you know I need someone
Help! Help!

So sick need a doc yes
A creature monster like the lockness
I gets hotter by the toc when I sizzle to death
I just tell the clock give me a sec
In the middle of the war where my enemy at
I'm running this shit like an Eric Bieniemy back
Cause everytime I hit a track I'm like an energy pack
The instruments are crying out 
I attack before you begin to react
I'm from the dirt where the Beatles and John Lennon be at
And now these niggas looking yellow like a penalty flag
It's Weezy baby with this hustle until infinity ya
Like somebody let the dog out the kinnle and ran
Whoever did it was a very smart women or man
Cause I'm coming like the stomp of every marching band
I need y'all to arch your hands and pray for me
I need...


Help! Help!
Help I need somebody
Help not just anybody
Help you know I need someone
Help! Help!
Help I need somebody
Help not just anybody
Help you know I need someone
Help! lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










I see ya I see ya
Girl I wanna love you long like ether
I know you want that pita
Girl I say I know you want that pita
That banana like Chikita
I'ma hit it like Derek Jeter 
The neighbors gon' think I beat her
I'll throw that dick much deeper
Come be my wide receiver
I'll give that girl a seizure
She forget her boyfriend amnesia
She wanna ride it I let her have it
She betta ride it like Danika Patrick
I get behind it and move her
Like the Heimlich maneuver 



I don't know about you 
But I'm really really fucked up 
No more liquor in my cup 
I think it's time for us to time for us to time for us to fuck 
I think it's time for us to fuck 
I think it's time for us to fuck 
I think it's time for us to time for us to...



Bounce that booty like a basketball
See I'm a ball-hog; I don't pass at all 
And now she wanna put her sister on 
Now I got twins like 
And you could call her Mrs. Me Too
I say I'm on a strict diet I can only eat you
Lick it lick it lick it lick it;  I like to
Lick it lick it lick it lick it..
I got that Goose in my system
Somebody gon' be my victim
I got patrone in my system
Somebody gon' be my victim 



I don't know about you 
But I'm really really fucked up 
No more liquor in my cup 
I think it's time for us to time for us to time for us to fuck 
I think it's time for us to fuck 
I think it's time for us to fuck 
I think it's time for us to time for us to...

 
Come free yo' mind on this dick that I have
You ain't gotta be my wife but you need dick in yo' life
We gon' fuck all night long I got kush in my bag
We can blaze one and when we done
Go back to your man

I think I'm in love 
Oh lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Look rockwilder on the beat
17 in ya face mack maine u my nigga cash money wassup
Check me out


Young money mu'tha fucka where the cash at
I put numbas on ya head like a class hat
See I dun been through everything like a lab rat
Can u swim cuz u sleepin where the crabs at
I stand before u bitch niggas with the 5th cocked
Boom boom!!!!
U can hear a pen drop
Bullet proof vest cannot defend tops
Wanna walk n my shoes u need 10 socks
But these niggas is actors like rick foxx
Stick 2 the script or fuck around and get written out
We in this mu'tha fucka throwin up the sets
G4 boys
Throw em off the jet


And me and mack is just 2 niggas from the same hood
Fell from the same tree
Cut from the same wool see I'm the young lion
And he the young bull
Welcome 2 the zoo
U are in the zoo


Warning
Mack on the dollar hunt
I'm feelin real slick bitch I got my collars up
Spread the word boi I keep the kush bottled up
40 cal pal u can get hollowed up
If u ain't talkin money hommie then dats cheap cheddar
I'm pissin on the game feelin like I gotta weak bladder
N yall fallin off u climbin up a weak ladder
N I'm 2 high 2 try 2 reach ya son
I rock shows everyday wit ms. cita's son
Then I'm uptown baby like I'm peeta gunz
I lost tyreek 2 the lord I speak

I got game I'll have a vegie tryna eat my meat


Me n tune is just 2 niggas from the same hood
Fell from the same tree
Cut from the same wool he the young lion
And I'm the young bull
Welcome 2 the zoo nigga
Welcome 2 the zoo


Now bring it back to hollygrove yea hollygrove
A well part had work by the sliding boards
A well part get u murked by the sliding boards
17th ward animals and dinosaurs
Tyrannosaurus rex test me its m.o.b till a mortition dress me
And thats deep get run up on eagle street
Bail fast in monroe be right at ya front door
Knock knock lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Rapping is my hobby
My house has a lobby
My bitches act snobby
Because I feed them thousands
I know that didn't rhyme
But I'm only being honest
You can't pay me in cash now I'm only seeing commas
I swear I got on Sak's 5th Boxers right now
I'm trying to milk the game as if the game was a cow
I had and Eddie Bau Expedition 7 years ago
My grandma used to tell me that she swear I've been here before
I used to wear braids like Jasons Lyrics Whoa
I spent a bundle on the cross because I'm spiritual
And I can never pass a physical I stay high
High as the voice of Akon
And make mine a straight with no chase
Hold the ice I got enough on anyway
And when they see the boy they hyperventelate
I got them running after me like I'm about to win a race


Cause I'm a Beast I'm a Dog
Bitch I'm a Beast Hoe I'm a Dog
Ya you know that I'm a Beast I'm a Dog
I'm a Beast Hoe I'm a Dog 


Never entertain the suckers with the hating business
I'm on the Yacht playing table tennis
Expensive linen women sinning
Adultry Compulsively
I'm an arsonist on this beat blaze fire
The door closed to the booth I feel like a caged lion
Ya let me loose now let me get em
Cause I ain't going back and forth like Badmitton
No I will never drop the ball like Bad Mitten
And I ain't been conceited I'm just Ad-mitting
I flow cocky Got hand rhythum
I got this bitch on lock like Sam Quinton
I'm tough daddy What's poppin gangsta
I'm trying to keep my pockets fat like Opera singers
So sharp If you touch me I chop your fingers
I'm on top of the game like Helicopter angles
I see you niggas I hope your having fun
I hope you have a gun
This shit is crazy it's little baby
I'm here to take it and it's looking vacant


Cause I'm a Beast I'm a Dog
Bitch I'm a Beast Hoe I'm a Dog
Ya you know that I'm a Beast I'm a Dog
I'm a Beast Hoe I'm a Dog 
I'm a Beast I'm a Dog
Bitch I'm a Beast Hoe I'm a Dog
Ya you know that I'm a Beast I'm a Dog
Bitch I'm a Beast Hoe I'm a Dog 


Now I'm gonna go off on them
At first I was going soft on them
But now it's time to go hard
Bustin Bangin Boguard
Took a shit in your yard
Take a piss on your Broad
Make a list of your Boys
And go and murder them all
Life is short Ya a midget told me that
And I always thought I was fly like a had a pigeon on my back
But I got these stitches on my back
A vision on my back
Don't try to run up on me I got precision with that gat
I don't Rat-tat-tat-tat-tat
All I got to do is Tat
Bet I hit my target like a fucken Dart mat
My address is Cloud 9
See and you shall find
Weezy on the grind
I'm about my Frankenstein
You know me Ya from my Lincolns to my Franklins
See I make that money stretch and connect like an anklet
Keep them bitches running in and out of my house like a Banquet
And I don't even speak their language
And if the bitch boyfriend get angry
Then my niggas turn around and tell his whole clique
Fuck that Nigga Pussy Ass Nigga!
Fuck that Nigga! Ya


Cause I'm a Beast I'm a Dog
Bitch I'm a Beast Hoe I'm a Dog
Ya you know that I'm a Beast I'm a Dog
I'm a Beast Hoe I'm a Dog 
I'm a Beast I'm a Dog
Bitch I'm a Beast Hoe I'm a Dog
Ya you know that I'm a Beast I'm a Dog
Bitch I'm a Beast lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








You're going to love me baby


Fresh checkerboard Vans and a t-shirt
And it's going down but she first
My flow sweet make my teeth hurt
I spit ice cream bars thats dessert
To me theres no such thing as a G-1st
Ya my feature price high like a mink purse
I smoke a whole reef of the reefer
Drugs are bad but I beg to defer sir
I just take a look at her face
So she can see that my shades are Versace and she purr
Cause I'm a cool cat per say
So I give her my life and now I got 8 word
She asked me to go over her place I said sure
She said shes been horny all day I got the cure
I'm on her like turf
Now bring that ass bring that ass bring that ass hurr Ya Digg


I I I Don't know that you been told
But I can tell you something 'bout me
I smoke weed I drink and I roll
Now is you fucking with me
Now I can't tell shit 'bout the next man
But he ain't got nothing on me
Cause after a pill and half and a shot of Patrone lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Let's Talk it over now
Let's talk it over now


Knew I would love you like a fat kid love food
Knew I would score on you like Shaq did in school
Knew I was stupid Knew I looked like a big fool
I must of had the flu I thought the shit was cool
Knew you would fall in love with me and the shit I do
But never knew you would murder me what did I do
Knew you was right for me knew I was right for you
Knew I would help you sell knew I would write for you
Knew I would keep you well knew I would fight for you
Knew I would pull my heart out and bring it right to you
You knew all about me baby but you wasn't about me baby
Young Wayne prepare for change
Because it seem like girly don't care the same
You had my chain you beared my name the we had champagne


Let's take a toast to you and me
Let's drink a toast to honor the way its supposed to be 
Oh Oh Oh Ohhh


Other people telling me I fell off
Other people telling me I felt y'all
Momma telling me I should have at least called
My mind telling me she should have at least call
Felt like I was at the bottom of the sea-saw
Felt like I was at the bottom of the sea-shore
But you got to let her be bored
And when you open up your eyes I hope you see more
And when I see you I see a detour
Don't need to be depressed anymore
Baby girl I need more now run your mouth until your knees sore


Let's talk it over 
Let's talk it over 
Let's talk it over Noooooooow 

Let's talk it over 
Let's talk it over 
Let's talk it over Noooooooow 

Let's talk it over 
Let's talk it over


5 karats on her finger got her hand smitten
But everybody get a ring even Scotty Pippin 
Everybody got a thing but I guess mine isn't 
What my vision 
Soo I just sit in my Lamborghini let my top vibe with me 
Kick back and get high with me 
And if she still get me 
I hope my wife know she got a player for life and that's no bullshiting 
I push love to it's full limit 
Do a hundred-ninety in the lane called memory 
And I know you in that lane with me 
But when the light change 
You didn't change with it 
And now im honking my horn 
got to get that dead grass off of my lawn 
As I mow's on the chanpagne's never Froze-on 
As it pours on the floor


Let's take a toast to you and me
Let's drink a toast to honor the way its supposed to be 
Oh Oh Oh lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Ya C3 Baby
Young Weezy and Young Currency You understand me?
This how we doing


Di-Diamonds and Girls 
Di-Diamonds and Girls 
Di-Diamonds and Girls 
Di-Diamonds and Diamonds 
Di-Diamonds and Girls and girls and girls
Di-Diamonds and


Get em
Ugh
Like 56 chains on him
Slick Rick no patch just frames on him
Marc Jacobs Aviators and a V-Neck
10 bitches 10 pistols on the P jet
And a drop top Madena with the top up
I'm in that bitch getting net like a shotput
100000 for the grill if I lie I die
Flow sick so sick see the cianide
And heres my most funniest joke I'm broke 
Don't worry 'bout me the money got me
And I keep the burner on me like an I.D.
The Lamborghini orange like vitamin C
And leave a bitch stuck like a kite in a tree
Weezy F. B. the money is the matter
I'm working like a bad bladder M.O.B.


Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Diamonds 
Di-Diamonds and Girls and girls and girls
Di-Diamonds and


Yeah
Hailing from the bottom of the map
But standing at the top of the game
Kush got a nigga looking like I could really use a nap
But I'm still out wildin' with the gang
Got diamonds in my chain
More colors than the Northern Lights
Life is a traffic jam but I'm on a motor bike
Zig-zagging past these bastards laughing at them
I got them suicidal like the doors on the Phantom
Yeah hot spitter nigga who you thought it was
Bitches want to hold me in the morning like a coffee mug
I don't try to lock them down cause I'm not an officer
I just knock them down in groups of ten
As if I'm in the lane aiming for bowling pins
Then the style switch so quick
Have you thinking that the disc skipped
Pimping serious
Make them bring it back like pass interferance


Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Diamonds 
Di-Diamonds and Girls and girls and girls
Di-Diamonds and
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Diamonds 
Di-Diamonds and Girls and girls and girls
Di-Diamonds and


Speed boat white Beater
Balling like Derek Jeter for every reason
That Testaroaster can get ghost like it never seen ya
The same color as Sesame-a Diarheam The pioneer-a
I am here-a right here-a
The watch nasty like gonnorhea
Money long like Nia
I appear-a via sattelite
Whomever don't like the premier-a he a hermaphrodite
Vegetaters up in my ear-a lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Only once the drugs are done that I feel like dying... I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done that I feel like dying... I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done that I feel like dying... I feel like dying
(I feel like I feel like I feel like...)

Yeah hello...
Get lifted...
Yeah I get lifted
Yeah yeah so get lifted... yup! Haha...

I am sittin' on the clouds I got smoke comin' from my seat
I can play basketball with the moon I got the whole world at my feet
Playin' touch football on marijuana street
Or in a marijuana field you are so beneath my cleets
Get high so high that I... feel... like... lying
Down in a cigar roll me up and smoke me 'cause...


Only once the drugs are done that I feel like dying... I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done that I feel like dying... I feel like dying
(I feel like I feel like I feel like...)

Swimming laps around a bottle of Louis the Thirteenth
Jumpin' off of a mountain into a sea of Codeine
I'm at the top of the top but... still I climb
And if I should ever fall the ground would then turn to wine
Pop pop I feel like flying then I feel like frying then...


Only once the drugs are done that I feel like dying... I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done that I feel like dying... I feel like dying
(I feel like I feel like I feel like...)

I can mingle with the stars and throw a party on Mars
I am a prisoner locked up behind Xanax bars
I have just boarded a plane without a pilot
And violets are blue roses are red
Daisies are yellow the flowers are dead
Wish I can give you this feeling... I feel like buying
And if my dealer don't have no more then...


Only once the drugs are done that I feel like dying... I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Uh Huh 
Thats Right 
Carter 3 Come On 
Yea Yea Walk With Me Come Go With Me Its Lil Weezy Baby Ha Ha 

 
And Im Just Lightin Up MyLa  
Yea Yea Yea 1 7 Cash Money Young Money 

 
Born In New Orleans 
Raised In New Orleans 
I Will 4 ever Remain Faithful New Orleans 
I Thank U New Orleans 
Thank U Holygrove 
Thats Been My Hood Since A Snotty Nose 
I Come Trough The Hood Suicidle Doors 
I Use 2 Come Through The Hood On The Handle Bars 
Gat In My Draws 
Money In My Pocket 
Crack In My Jaws 
I Hope It Dont Desolve and u Know Im Duckin 5 0 And My Moms 
Young And Quick 2 Go Off Like Car Alarms 
Now The Youngin Keep His Mind On The Parmesan 
Them Other Niggas Aint Eatin Like A Romadon 
Spit The Shit That Make Ya Feel It In Yo Cromosomes 
Got My The Money Put My Whole Damn Corner On 
Young Carter Part 3 on The Corner Store 
Eagle Street Keep It Goin Til Homasome 

 
And Im Just Lightin Up My La  
Can I Kick It 

 
Can I Kick My Story To Yall 
My Glory In God 
My Faith In My Flow 
I Pray That I Go Where No Other Rapper Has 
And When You're Rappin' As 
Vivid As I And Limited As The Sky So I 
Study B.I. 
I Bang Tupac I Hum Aaliyah 
And Soldier Slim Was A Leader 
Who Am I Not To Follow Greatness 
I Give These Mc's Hell Like They All Atheists 
Tell Them Hatin' Niggas One Like They In The Matrix 
And Tell The Cops I Can Buy My Own Braclets 
I'ma Can Keep The Paper Running Like A Pair Of Aces 
Used To Sport The Gucci Bucks Nigga No Laces 
Striped Polo Five Pocket Girbaud 
Mama Got A Two Totter I'm Rockin' Dolo 
I Used To Have The Starter Jacket With The Logo 
And The Hat Me Myself Had The No 
That's The Saints Nigga 

 
And Im Just Lightin Up My La  
Can I Kick It 

 
Its Lil Wayne and Im a Shine n Da Rain 
Na Nothing Gets Clear Without Me Signing My Name 
Im Just Head Lining Da Game 
Wont Quit lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Lloyd I got you
Yeah


Ok Im Weezy baby
And I am from the south where we call all our women baby
Hey baby hey baby all day i say hey hey hey
I ballin like Fade-A-Way 3 letter credit A OK
Black car black car girl I got a black car
Can I buy some of your time and charge it to my black card
You can be my bittersweet shake that sugar and salt
Chain full of asphalt bullshit walks cash talks
Car black car big car fast Car-ter
Can I stick my pencil in your sharpner
Beat it up like its a drum call me Travis Barker
Tat tat tat boom boom tat tat boom boom tat tat Brrrrrrrr Pshhh


All I really want is for you to back it up gon and put your weight on it
Cuz its all right do what you wanna make me believe it
Ooo I wanna see ya get it shawty get it shawty get it shawty
Soo g-g-get it shawty get it shawty lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Young Jeezy Juelz Santana & others)




DJ Khaled we're the best nigga we're the best man
Whoo we nikka 


Just got a hundred of that brown paper bag money
You niggas really wanna talk money?
Shit real that's all I could tell 'em
Just rap 'em up good so the dogs can't smell 'em c'mon

Brown paper bag 
Brown paper bag 

Thank god for those days thank god for those nights
Though it might seem wrong thank god for that white
They use to call me the pirex kid aka young arm and hammer
In the kitchen with the pots yeah work the glass
Hard on 'em pimp yeah I work the task
And when they came in we unpacked 'em all
Broke 'em all down and unrapped 'em all
Just two words nigga duffelbags I just know it so well
I can't help but brag old man got 10 mail man got 3
And just your luck the rap game got me hold up


Here we go again just spent a hundred of that brown paper
Bag money all on timbs and that bad bitch is all on him
'Cause the cars that he drives are all foreign
The game is mine I'm so far in I'm speaking with an accent
Just cartwin can't even relax in my room
That brown paper bag money push my mattress through the roof
This for my niggas getting brown paper bag money
This for my strippers getting black plastic bag money
We're talking that bad money that I.R.S can tax money you dig me


Just made a hundred of that brown paper bag money
I thank god for the meal he prepared for me
Taking my fam and my li'l dog money
Thank god for that brown paper bag that

Brown paper bag 
Brown paper bag 
Brown paper bag 
Brown paper bag 

Just pulled over in my 7-5
Big bottle on the dash hope he let me slide
Got 20 in the trunk you can bet me 5
20 minutes in they dump I'm gonna let these slide
We're the best
Look at what we drive got picnic tables on my lap getting high
In the back of that maybac and it cost five hundred thou
When the nigga spent then with a smile
Stacking numbers that alarm and race
White house still moving bricks alarm today
I'm that bin lading boi I'll bomb the state
I ain't come to stay I gotta post bond today
2 million in the bag I ain't wanna brag
you don't know the feeling when the villain peeling in the jag
Just staring at the ceiling 10 women that you had
I was at the center now I see you feeling just a 


Just spent a 100 of that brown paper bag money
It feel good to be young money cash money
Rehab I'm addicted to fast money
I got stacks and rubber bands up in that

Brown paper bag 
Brown paper bag 
Brown paper bag 
Brown paper bag 

Practice makes perfect I'm relaxing at rehearsal
I'm gonna motherfucking professional like hershal
Falker the talk of the game is I but I wonder if he'll still be talking after I die
But that's not important
Money's more important
And understand I been in that water like I was snorkeling
Understand I been in that water like I'm a dolphin
Miami Khaled took me in like a orphan
Why did they start him?
Now they can't park him
I go into the booth and just change like Clark Kent
Lamborghini dark tint
Philly blunts cigar scent
I'm by myself and niggas run they mouths like auctions
To streets my brother
Fefe's my brother
And we stay on point like a fucking box cutter
you heard what I said motherfucker did I studder
With my brown paper bag here to represent the hustle I'm out


Coka baby man you know I already had money
Definition of that brown paper bag money
Try and front as if you in the jag money
For the cash I'll blast anybody that

Brown paper bag 
Brown paper bag 
Brown paper bag 
Brown paper bag 

You all niggas want coka music
The costra nostra flow show you how to do this
Pen it so easy a caveman can do it
Nigga we simply the best don't confuse it
I confuse it critics be hating
Best album yet but give me the same rating
I'm waiting top of rap rushmore
Etched in stone runt top puns war
Unsure anythings possible
4mil spent bought out the art possible I'm Picasso in the Versace suit don't worry my nigga
Khaled I got you not just 'cause I want to 'cause I got to put the squad on your back did the impossible
It's only logical I spit from the heart lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics





(feat. Cassidy Sean P)




Hold up hold up is that who I think it
Is coming in here

Girl That's Cassidy

Hold on lets go to the dressing room
Get our self together put our
Pussy poppers on we gon make
This money tonight


Girl let me see you pop it pop it for that
Paper pop pop it pop it pa-pop it
For that paper drop then pop pop it
Pa-pop it for that paper
Then let me hit the blow
And pop it for the paper


I'ma hustla so I be on the grind 
I always got the money and the bitches on my mind 
And I was born to dine so every where I goes at 
The first thing I wanna know is where them hoes at 
Where them girls that be takin off they clothes at 
And where them girls that be slindin down them poles at 
Where them freaks at where them where them freaks at 
Who will get down on the floor and make they cheeks clap cheeks clap)
The type of girl that let another girl eat that 
And if you gotta couple dollars you can beat that 
Where my girl who be out there on the creep at 
Where them freaks at I had to repeat that 
Cause I'm a freak too I get that from my father 
Since I can remember I been poppin my collar 
You brought a dollar then holla believe that 
Girl ya pussy powerful cause niggas need that 




Yea lil shawty fine lil shawty bout that paper
So I'm poppin bands I'm out here reppin for Dacada
Always be that fresh I guess that why they get my flavor
You a pill popper bitch so do us all a favor
Turn around and bust it open DJ call a waitress
I'ma make it rain what she be makin on the basis
Pop them rubber bands yall know what it is
Talkin strip club shawty cause I'm payin on some bills
Got them bottle on deck yea this is how I live
Nigga if you and ya lil homie hatin give you both a pill
Only in Atlanta yea this is where it is
If you into rubber throw a hundred dollar bill
Yea shawty fine lil shawty bout that paper
So I'm poppin bands I'm out here reppin for Dacada
Always be that fresh I guess that why she get my flavor
You a pill popper bitch so do us all a favor




Um lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









I have no doubt that I could love you forever
The only trouble is you really don't have the time
You got one night only 


And when they see me they see 3 baby

She marks her calendar we schedule every plan
She knows when I'm coming she's more than a fan
She got my tour dates she also got a man
But even homie gotta understand
She got 
And no one gon take it from her nothing's gon' make her miss it
And when I go she'll miss it
But she'll never forget that 
Next day another city she's never coming with me
I'm nothing more than memories
Memories she keep forever
She always dream about me wish she could sleep forever
She get her fit together she get her shit together
After my concert she wanna get together
I get her on my bus we chill and sit together
She has no curfew I can take the bitch wherever
Come off a bit respectful I'm on a different level
I got her feelin special then she remember
She got 


But I can make you love me forever
Baby I can make you love me forever

Now all the hoes hate her the dudes wanna date her
Her nigga saw her leave she deal with him later
Right now she with the greateast I'm even homies favorite
How could he even blame her she doin him a favor
She let that nigga love her she let that nigga save her
But when I come she let a nigga take her
Take her for 
She turnin off her phone she turnin off her page
Tell hime that shit on roam that nigga goin in labor

These niggas hate the game but they can't block the layup
And she go home to him he sicker than a patient
He waitin at the table no breakfast at the table
He ask her where she been she say stop trippin it was 


But I can make you love me forever
I can make you love me forever yeah


Them older bitches jealous say she a groupie whore
But every woman in this world was you before
See everybody wish to porn that superstar
But when it come true how true you are
You got the 
See I can't be her man and she can't be my girl
Oh but we fuck like it's the end of the world
And we got 
I got a wife she knows my wife aint on the road
When she come to my room she take off all her clothes
Say anything hoes tomorrow same clothes
We probably order movies we probably lay together
But we can't stay together that's when I gotta tell her


I have no doubt that I could love you forever
The only trouble is lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Came in the game as a youngin signed wit cash money
Pocket full of money niggas poppin shit alwyas talkin bout sumthin
See ya ass in public it's a whole notha subject
Man they just talkin bout it they just talkin bout it
And i'm on the streets with it i'm on the streets with it
See from where i come from you gotta be about it
And if u want it want it we come and see about it


Uhh it's weezy baby like the last shit
A big car and a bad bitch uhhhh soo fly i need an ass kick
These niggas ballin by accident uhh keep talkin nigga fuck up ya body
Send ya home and tell ya mom it was an acciden
Uhh i'm a g till the casket drop on my glasses fast money i'm the fastest
I got that hustlers pasion ya knoww dem boys back at the ass end
I'm at the bank tryna cash in aye


Came in the game as a youngin signed wit cash money pocket full of money
Niggas poppin shit alwyas talkin bout sumthin
See ya ass in public it's a whole notha subject
Man they just talkin bout it they just talkin bout it
And i'm on the streets with it i'm on the streets with it
See from where i come from you gotta be about it
And if u want it want it we come and see about it


It's been murda bitch i make a killin
Insurance papers in the safe money in tha ceiling
I got pillow case full of pistols
Come throught a nigga house and aim at the pillows
Uhh wake up wake up fuckin with them boys u can wake up taped up
Ya dig now gon' an drink that lake up
Stick em in the trunk let em feel that bass pump
Deez niggas is nuts man that m14 leave you physically fucked
Deez niggas is ducks well you can call me scrooge because i'm swimmin in bucks
Bitch


Came in the game as a youngin signed wit cash money pocket full of money
Niggas poppin shit alwyas talkin bout sumthin
See ya ass in public and it's a whole notha subject
Man they just talkin bout it they just talkin bout it
And i'm on the streets with it i'm on the streets with it
See from where i come from you gotta be about it
And if u want it want it we come and see about it okay


Yea yea to hot to cold red hot blue cold yea i knock ya melon out ya fruiit bowl
All my guns black i got true soul yeah and i call my coupe the black panther
Blat... blat... blat thats the gat anthem and if a nigga play with family for that matter
Imma smoke so many niggas imma catch cancer and if i step up out this benzo
U know i'm commin with a gun like a nintendo
They soft them niggas fallin when the wind blow and i'm rollin up my window
Fuck em


Came in the game as a youngin signed wit cash money pocket full of money
Niggas poppin shit alwyas talkin bout sumthin
See ya ass in public and it's a whole notha subject
Man they just talkin bout it they just talkin bout it
And i'm on the streets with it lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Mama you wine fine
Mama you... mama you..
Mama... mama you wine fine
We need some quiet time 
Mama you wine fine
Mama you wine fine
And on the hush hush we need some quiet time


I get I get
I I I get so deep in that pussy I touch the back of your soul
You gotta man I bet I can make you pack up and roll
Yea let's ride like we attached to the road
And if we on the same track I hope we crash and explode
Yea where do the passionate go
I beat it up forever girl I'll take a national oath
Nobody know what goes on the latch on the door
And if you throw it to me baby I will catch it and score
Yea yea
I beat that I be right when she call me she got that shit I just can't avoid
She so addictive and she know that I do anything that she tell me
I am her personal sex toy
And then I pop the bottle of that cris
I had a glass she had a glass I had a glass she had a glass again
Ya know then she was ready got to it
One time two times hit me up and I take that ass again
And I told her




I see ya walkin like the cameras on ya I love ya backshots
I'm like a crackhead and you got your crack out
See we got chemistry baby we like cat and mouse
You blow my brains out I blow ya back out
Now what is that about
You got me sweatin you so hard I'm bout to pass out
And we could do it on the beach in the grass house
Say we could do it on the beach in my glass house
Uh huh
I know what I'm doin I'm on it until the mornin
Hop on it until it's foamin I bone it better than homie
I want it better than homie come get on this pony
I put my name on it I own it
That's right
Pin ya to the wall give ya couple of back bites
Give ya couple of thigh bites then here comes the highlight
I could make ya act rrright
Take a ten minute break then get back right
And then I told her




Yea I told her
Ya mama gotta be a model or somethin
And if you was a wine bottle I'm drunk
She dance on me like it's just us girl
You could make a nigga pay ya rent for 6 months
Shhhi I ain't lyin girl
I could make ya little pussy start cryin girl
You won't fire girl
You know the fireman could put out the fire girl
Are those applebottom jeans ya wearin?
She said these is Donna Karen
So tight she can't even let air in
Man I swear I saw a blind man starin
No lie and I hope she take her clothes off
So we can do it 'til we doze off
We fall asleep with our clothes off
When we wake up lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









City streets—that's where I learned
Play with fire you'll get burned
When the heat was on I turned
Turned to trouble... trouble


Yeah yeah C three yeah
New Orleans baby a street called Eagle
And everybody's ill yeah illegal
People steal cars we steal people
We eat like dogs but we still people
And even when ya lost trouble still see you
And even if ya dead broke we are still equal
One time for the lil people
Eat ya meal don't let ya meal eat you

Street runner we crazy with dis one
I run... with... trouble


And just the other day my nigga Chris killed his self
I pray to God that I never feel the way he felt
Where do we go when there's no help?
He figured Heaven so he went left
Ya'll know that ain't right
Plus he was high as a plane that same night
Shit I probably been on that same flight
Shit I probably had that same fight
I just kept swinging
Twelve rounds coming bells ringing

Introduced to the game when I was just a child
Mama love a drug dealer straight quit her job
And took his life and along with him I died
And she died we died
Then came my daughter to my bed side
Told me daddy don't cry I'm alive
I look her in the eyes and see me with no sins
But this is how the note ends


Ya know let's kick it back
I can't call it

Ya know heheh
Yeah yeah


The tool it poke out the jeans
The coke smell just like a bunch of coffee beans
Ya nah mean? and everything ain't what it seem
Ya nah mean? and don't play that game without your team
Kill for my bread kill for my G's kill for my cream
I will have that red beam on hot beam
Now I hear sirens wait I think I see one behind me
I ain't tripping baby money got me
Unh

And fuck the police fuck the feds too
I ain't jumping in that jump suit
A one I'm on my one two
Check me out I fuck around and check you
Respect due pay yours nigga
Mines under the seat by my feet where's yours nigga?
Too much hoarse liquor huh?
Too much pressure too much force
Too much money never heard that before
Shit
And we stop the snitches at the door
Cut that tail off the rat he won't rat no more

Shit that's right get trapped fuck with my G's
Keep shootin' 'til I burn my sleeves
Nigga please these boys is G's
Represent New Orleans like a fleur-de-lis
Shit what you know about it we more than thieves
We steal from the rich so the poor can eat
Yeah niggas act up my niggas act accordingly
Hey soldier lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Been running for too long  It's time to give me mine
Time to time to give me mine time to give me mine
Benn running for too long it's time to give me mine


I'm so far ahead man
What they talking bout Fee they ain't saying shit
It could weak a whole court like Stan Smith
Or Judge Judy you niggas betta shoot me
Cause I bought my mans a glock and I bought myself a uzi
Don't confuse me no they don't amuse me
I come after the money like Wednesday come after Tuesday
I told Stunna I'm wylin' he say don't worry I got ya
He told me cut the heads off and bring 'em back for papa
Yea dem niggas gettin scurred word
All dat talkin just a whole bunch of verb
Pussy ass nigga got a whole bunch of nerve
I have 'em put yo picture on a whole bunch of shirts
I smoke a lot of weed and drink a whole bunch of syrup
I like brain so I fucks with a whole bunch of nerds
Heh I am number 1
Cause 2 is not a winner and no one remembers third




Wizzle F. Baby yea 
See money is the topic baby
See I'm a giant all these otha niggas mockin baby
They microscopic baby
Big crib I can't even hear 'em knockin baby
Headed to the top like I'm tied to a rocket baby
To all the foreign woman let's make a tropic baby
I got so many bitches I could make a combilation
I'd like to thank the haters for yo cooperation
I got dat docter chopper give you an operation
Nigga this is my crusaders kill for confromation
We all got on masks we bout to toxic waste 'em
I hope they momma raised 'em cause they got bitch ways
If they don't pay for ya they get ya back dead
Real talk stop walkin on ya back legs
Step into the lime light bullshit backstage
I used to tote a 32 up in my crack days
I tote dat AK-47 in my rap days




I'm comin Wizzle F. Baby  yeah
Come and get it anyone can get it
But since I'm the president I'll be a lil more politic
I'm chillin in the clinic
Cause dats how many nurses I got working on my dizzick
Snakes in the grass rats lizards
But 'round here snitches don't exist like wizards
Hoe this ain't punch I'm sippin on some sizzurp
I roll a fat joint and do my fingers like scissors
Da game so cold I done had my share of blizzards
But now I got dat big money runnin like rivers nigga
I'm hear to get my shit straight burner on the hip waist
Leave a nigga street full of bones like a fish plate
Yea I'm from the hood but now I'm livin in a rich way
Swear I got on my knees and thanked God for this day
So say what you wanna say
I need to throw a cup of water in my face
1st place lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Yea
My type of shit
See!!
When i do what i do i do it
I said when i do what i do i do it
Dat right


See she all on my dick cause i make alot of money 
But i unno why cause she gets none 
...all on my dick cause i make alot of money
But i unno why cause she gets none from me 
She only get dick way down in her tummy 
N she tell all of her friends now her friends wanna
...only get dick way down in her tummy 
And she tell all of her friends now her friends wanna fuck me
Im lookin in the mirror and i see a dollar sign
I had a cat scan and i had money on my mind
I tell a bitch go and get my name on ya spine 
So i can fell good when im hitting it from behind
Im crack rock fresh baby im that boy 
Yea put me in a pot and 
Watch i come back hard 
Yea put me on that block
And watch i come back rich
Now she done put me in that pussy
She aint came back since


Ask dem hoes yea ask dem hoes 
Ask dem hoes about me ask dem hoes 
Uh huh yea ask dem hoes 
Ask dem hoes about me


Ima beast ask dem hoes
Ima dog ask dem hoes
Ima beast ask dem hoes
Ima dog ask dem hoes
Bitch ima beast ask dem hoes
Hoe ima dog ask dem hoes
Bitch ima beast ask dem hoes
Hoe ima dog ask dem hoes


Hat to the side 
Rims on the ride 
It cant fit in my pocket and i dont have 
...hat to the side 
Rims on the ride 
It cant fit in my pocket and i dont have to cock 
It scarface bitch cocaine by the pie 
Got them hoes sniffin like dem hoes bout to ...
Scarface bitch cocaine by the pie 
Got them hoes sniffin like dem hoes bout to cry 
Ms myspace dont blow my high 
I download hard dick to your hard drive 
Den she got on her knees thats when we locked eyes 
She caught it like it was a routine popped fly 
Im dope boy fresh new jeans new everything 
Dem bitches want me like a wedding ring 
I told her dat im married to the money 
Committed to the cash all i see is pussy titties and the ass


Ask dem hoes yea ask dem hoes 
What to do 
Ask dem hoes about me 
Ask dem hoes uh huh yea ask dem hoes
What to do 
Ask dem hoes about me


Ima beast ask dem hoes
Ima dog ask dem hoes
Ima beast ask dem hoes
Ima dog ask dem hoes
Bitch ima beast ask dem hoes
Hoe ima dog ask dem hoes
Bitch ima beast ask dem hoes
Hoe ima dog ask dem hoes


Call me weezy f. bitch im straight
From the street the dope game is sour 
And the dope is sweet i live in the tower
Got a scope on the heat 
Hit you from 100 feet 
We dont even have to meet 
Ya bitch love me we dont even have to meet 
But if i run into her believe me i will ...
Ya bitch love me we dont even have to meet 
But if i run into her believe me i will do her 
And if that bitch bitch is crazy 
Believe me i will sue her 
Got some hungry ass lawyers 
That would eat her up and chew her 
I dont know why you love her 
I wish i never knew her 
She only give me brain 
She was just another tutor 
She blow my whole band 
I was just another tuba 
Now get off my dick 
And get lost in aruba 
Its money over bitches 
Cash money over bitches 
Young money over bitches 
Get money from them bitches
I do!


Ask dem hoes yea ask dem 
Ask dem hoes about me ask dem hoes 
Uh huh yea ask dem hoes ask dem 
Hoes about me


Ima beast ask dem hoes
Ima dog lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Ya

UH HUH


Ridin' 'round the city with some brand new heat
Brand new car brand new feet
Brand new seats brand new smell put out the roach light a brand new L
Fuck you bitch I'm actin' brand new
Fuck you bitch my shirt brand new
Fuck you bitch my shoes brand new
Fuck you bitch I'm actin' brand new


I'm cold like a midnight in Aspen
I am the president and the assassin
Cameras on big lights action
Welcome to the show I am the main attraction
Money in the mattress money in the attic
Money on my mind money is my habit
Stay on the grind until the money's automatic
Bitch I love money I'm a fucking fanactic
All day strapped grip tight graspin'
Say what? Who me? Click-Clack blast 'em
Chrome 24's tires thin like napkins
Gotta ride big cuz i am like a captain
You know i'm a boss chillen relaxin
Probably in my office doin' my taxes
You little niggas so not in my bracket
And I don't even have time to practice




I got ice ridiculous price
Your camera has never saw a picture this nice 
I'm fishin and the bitches will bite
It's prolly cuz my game is fixin in tight Right
I'm fuckin every bad bitch twice
And if she does'nt wear panties then I'll fuck her on sight
I'm nasty like spice
I know what she likes
I can make a black women scream like she white
I can make a white women scream like Mike
But before she start singin' she gotta check my Mic
Niggas just hatin'
And I dun lost sight
It's like i don't see 'em I only see the night
You talkin that shit but you boys just hype
I hope you bring a gun to the fight Aight?
Louis V tennis shoes big brown stripe
You think you fresh Nigga I'm ripe




Brand new coupe drivin' crazy then the mother's
Sittin' low in the seats with the burner sittin' under
Got my tank top toppe on it
Prolly ain't summer
But I ride like that cuz I'm hotter than the others
Damn lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








AH HAA
WHO WEE
Young Weezy Baby
Awwoooo


I won't deny it
I'm a xxxxxxx rider
You don't want to xxxx with me
But I bet she gon want to xxxx with me
Cause who wouldnt want to xxxx with me
Now I can't tell you xxxx bout the next man
But he ain't got nothin on me
So baby you should bury him
And just marry me just marry me


Okay I'm lookin for a REDBONE
And when I get her I'm goin
Tap it like a Fed Phone
And shawty talk about her man
She said tired of him
I said well baby I'm gonna have you
Tryin to hide from him
And if it's weezy
Then the women want to lie to him
And I'm gon give it to EM'
Mama said give it to EM'
So I'm gon give it to her
Just the way she want it
I said girl
I'm tryin to put my name on it
I'm tryin to own it
Welcome to my ranch and
I'm gon act a donkey
From the mornin till the night
Till the mornin
And if you back it up
Then I'm gon jump on it


I said I won't deny her
Shawty is a ryder
And she gon ride for me
I said she lookin
Like my bride to be
Take one knee
Let me take one knee
And I said baby will you marry me
We'll live ever after happily
Just the way it's supposed to be
Just you and me just you and me


Yeah shawty said she want a ryder
And I could be that it much
More like a provider
I can provide her
And if you lookin for me
I'm prolly inside her
You only like her
I'm tryin to wife her
See I'm a lighter
And shes my firre
See we are tighter
Than grip pliers
She gets me higher
Higher than my purp
Shawty so bright when you
Look at her make your eyes hurt
Better get a visor
Oh yeah she cold
Yeah she cooler than an ice burg
Fuck what you might heard
You only like her
I'm tryin to wife her


I said I won't deny her
Shawty is a ryder
And she gon ride for me
I said she lookin
Like my bride to be
Take one knee
Let me take one knee
And I said baby will you marry me
We'll live ever after happily
Just the way it's supposed to be
Just you and me lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








Sweet street pusha
Gimme that gusha
Nasty stuff 
I took her


I like a red bone pretty feetslim waist cute face
Girl if thats you then put yo info in my two way.
Girl you a star me and you can make a movie
She said them diamonds on my chain look like kool-aid
And when im gone she be missing me like school days.


Alright i like a bitch
That like a bitch
Fucking right im rich 
And i aint gettin hitched
Im gettin paid in full
Just call me money mitch
Ballin like tony gwen


Im never lonely in that penthouse
And all the time a nigga thinks shes at her friends house
Ok i put the phantom up and bought the bent' out
Its weezy baby bitch im hot like all the vents out...
Haha



It go hollygrove seventeen cambelton eagle street
Runnin with my hood til my feet gets sore
Run up on them boys and you aint runnin no more
I am from the jungle the mighty jungle
And the guns go ... haha

Why ya boyfriend acting like secret service
Ima get you by yourself and get my secret service
Im on the purple urple and now the earth is bouncin
Ive climbed the highest mountain
And baby girl the coupe is fountain blue
You see them green and yellow diamonds call it mountain dew
I got the crib in the sky with city view
And i take a skinny bitch if her titties new 
Hahaha
Now what it do



Gucci shoes gucci buckle gucci belt gucci bucket
Sharper than the yellow number 2 i doesnt what i do
And if you didnt know now you knew
I am the fireman
Red truck yellow suit... 
And i treat money like glue
You know i gotta stick to the paper...
You know im like a staple
Thats why i got the cashmoney right above my navel
Young money is the label
Money bitches and cable 
We multiplyin money"Money Cars Clothes" lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics




"Money Cars Clothes"




 Money cars clothes hoes 
I'm from the ghetto so gimmie my money
 Mr Angel on the beat
Young mula baby and the devil on the flow ha ha ha
Young mullah baby and the monsta on the hook ha ha swizzy!
Young mullah baby streeetzz..
 Damn I hate a old fake ass nigga
Dats why you only see me wit some bape ass niggas
We gotta eat early like break fast nigga
New Orleans land of where yo gate pass nigga
Like 1 2 3 4 5 on 4
Pussy ass niggas wont survive no mo
And the niggas say it is ours
but it aint ours no mo
From the deep part of the water where the divers wont go
Hey sharks sup piranhas
dem boys catfish dem boys flanges
I pop on grove I roll around ya
hit ya wit that 2 2 step 10 times like ensenza
Fuckin wit my..
 Money cars clothes hoes 
I'm from the ghetto so gimmie my money
Money cars clothes hoes 
I'm from the ghetto so gimmie my money
 yea yea ha ha
And fuck that fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck that nigga pussy ass nigga
Yea yea young mullah baby t streets..
T streets - fuck what the fuck I look like
Fuck my verse nigga
swizz got the hook right
Asian let me catch em wit the beam an its cooked right
Weezy be the crack in the jar and he shook right
And im the nigga standin over the stove
Wit a good price wit a b? ride bitch
Drive bricks an book flights
Good by bad days hello good nights
No my coke look like Carmelo?
Sittin in lebrons driver seat reclined
2 woman my mary j disc and my 9
Its my life my life my mutha fuckin life
And fuck one time its..
 Money cars clothes hoes 
I'm from the ghetto so gimmie my money
Money cars clothes hoes 
I'm from the ghetto so gimmie my money
 ha ha. T streets B A G swalla ha ha
We young mullah baby yea..
I murder that boy I kill that bitch
Straight burn ya body up like a skillet bitch
I turn beef to me meyou be my fil-let bitch
And ya stomach aint gotta hurt for you to feel dat shit
So aint no love for no otha so say I fuck dem tricks
Aint no loves flyin now besides birds of dem bricks
Unless you talkin bout eagle dats the street I know
The person now the routes to couldn't see my flow
I clap a nigga 3 times like the 3 syllables
Word that I know called  hol - ly - grove
Nigga fuck yo money clothes cars hoes
Kids friends and foes and you and den I get back to the..
 Money cars clothes hoes 
I'm from the ghetto so gimmie my money
Money cars clothes lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics








I don't know bout you 
But umm... 


My girlfriend got a girlfriend 
My girlfriend got a girl and we do 
What we do 
What we do 


You know me young F hoe 
I gets all in her mouth like strep throat 
I gets all in her belly like pepto 
Straight stompin' in dat pussy like a stepshow 
Ghetto bitches keep me wit em like lip glow 
College bitches keep me wit em like cliffnotes 
Cold bitches keep me wit em like thick coats 
Two foreign bitches now thats a mink show 
Pull your skirt up and let ya hips show 
She fell in love with a stripper at the strip show 
And now.. theres 
Two bitches and me 




I like long hair I hate make up 
Fuck my pillows up fuck is really up 
I like slim chicks I love big broads 
All the bitches love me I need a dick guard 
And if she dont give head shes a nimrod 
Bitch I would never put your number on my sim card 
I look at M J G and 8 ball as mentors 
And shit... all they ever told me was pimp hard 
Pimp harder I get head and tail like a quarter 
Yup yup in dat order 
Two bitches and me 




Two bitches and me 
And.. 
They kissin and huggin 

Hello 
I could play wit it I could beat it up 
Yup beat it up get ya pussy lip bust 
Wait 
She said she wanna know how pussy taste 
She wanna suck dick while she get her pussy ate 
Ha 
Movies  massage menage bedroom bathroom garage goodbye 
Just leave me be and it was just us three lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









This fire...burn this city
This fire...burn this city burn this city
This fire...burn this city
This fire...burn this city burn this city

This fire is outta control I'm going to burn this city burn this city 


Stop playing wit me cannon in my hand and I'll be damn if any man disrespect in my land
Intercept a nigga pass inaffective ass nigga
I'm the f-f-fireman but I'll wet that ass nigga
My vessel pump liquor I'm a special ass nigga
No frontin I'm in front of these extra last niggas
I'm a extra bad nigga I'm a sideways shooter
Open up the Maserati fuck a highway trooper
Cuz now-a-days dudes'll run & tell the troopers
So I hope the same trooper could find ya when I lose ya
These niggas talkin' out the side of they medula
Preserve a nigga put his body in the cooler
Turn 'em into ice call me Weezy the jeweler
Run up on me boy & get smoked like buddah
Who the fuck wanna get it in they next breath
Gasoline on ya doorstep 


This fire is outta control  I'm going to burn this city burn this city
This fire is outta control  I'm going to burn this city burn this city
This fire is outta control (Weezy I love to talk when the town is hot) I'm going to burn this city burn this city
This fire is outta control I'm going to burn this city burn this city


Niggaz shook watch Twista Weezyana gotta show 'em heaven call the reverend
I'ma burn 'em up like ladder 47 wit a mac11
Try to shoot up every part of you wit my arsenal I'm a arsonist
Or the 40cal wit the 50 clip uh uh 
you don't want no parts of this
Let me do your medula I'll pop your oblongata
Call the doctor
Homie you are not Baby not the Twista & not the Carter
Don't be coming to me acting petty when I carry glocks to carve ya
Stop tomorrow
You could break my hands I write wit my mind
you can't stop the author
Try to run up on the block why bother
I'ma shoot 'em wit the pump & then I go & throw his body in a ditch & won't nobody ever find you
And won't nobody talk cuz I'm a real street mobster
Ghetto gangstas I don't eat pasta
Only fuckin wit the shrimp & the lobster
Murder the pussy whole in ya boy
When I'm dressed up like a rastah
New Orleans & Chi connect stay burnin sticky
And we gettin stuntin steady gettin money that's why I'm on 50
Shit I only be fuckin wit niggaz that earnin wit me
If you try then you goin die
On fire cuz I'm so hot
Watch how we burn this city


This fire is outta control  I'm going to burn this city burn this city
This fire is outta control  I'm going to burn this city burn this city
This fire is outta control (Weezy I love to talk when the town is hot) I'm going to burn this city burn this city
This fire is outta control I'm going to burn this city burn this city


Sicker than the bird flu 
I am the birdman Jr. & you niggaz just bird food
We living in a whirl pool
You gotta eat or get ate & you look like bait
Don't you stick one hand over the gate
This dog will treat you niggaz just like steak
Dinner I'm that nigga take a break
My fuck up is a perfect mistake I'm great
Murder renegade music my flow stupid
I'm cold I spit mucus
I'm tight like suitors righteous ruthless
Strap shoot ya we rich sue us
Snitch leave 'em ditch sewers
Pushin up daises roses petunias
Wakes funeral service communion
I'm hotter than a motherfucking hot boys reunion
Weezy


This fire is outta control  I'm going to burn this city burn this city
This fire is outta control  I'm going to burn this city burn this city
This fire is outta control (Weezy I love to talk when the town is hot) I'm going to burn this city burn this city
This fire is outta control I'm going to burn this city lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics










I'm not saying this to shake you up
I'm just saying this to wake you up
It's all good when we making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted it's granted
My love for you is real
Baby if you don't love me
Somebody else will
So don't you ever get too comfortable


Yeah to the left to the left
If you want to leave be my guest you can step
Feeling irreplaceable listening to Beyonce
But ok ill put you out on your BDay
Now if you rocking with Weezy
Bedroom in the bank baby we safe
I got game like E.A.
But I want to let you play
And don't I treat you like souffl©
Don't I look at you like I see a new day
And don't I do what I do say
I'm through talking so I'm a let you Face




Yeah let me catch my breath
You talking bout leave baby you ain't gone yet
And if you leave leave correct
And I'm a send a jet to pick up the next
And if you leave you're leaving the best
So you would have to settle for less
I am no Elliot Ness I don't handcuff I don't arrest
I do confess to the virginsy
Cause under them sheets I am a mess
Yes baby you blessed
Not chess don't jump your nest




Yeah it's no sweat no sweat
I will never 1 2 3 4-get
About you your love your sex
You know I work you out like bowflex
Our jokes no stress
Love live life proceed progress
Make sure the neighbors get no rest
We can get together never disconnect
Your back your neck
Funny how that song hasn't got old yet - to us
So let's project
You stay in lyrics

Lil' Wayne Lyrics









Hey baby look here I got this new song I wrote it's got that nice slow groove that everybody dancin' to and when I play it it kinda remind me of me and you. I mean there's one more thing I want to talk about. It's time for you to come home everybody got their problems I'm dealing with mine. I done gave up them narcotics I'm a changed man.


She loves me she loves me not.


How many ways can I say I'm done fishin'.
You wanted the role smash the audition.
Havin' a partner for a man in my position eliminates the cooks in the kitchen.
Still I got a taste for that fast food foreign cars many women.
And some say it's the life I was given.
I say it don't matter if I work at Mc-E-D's.
I still got a fix for what you got between ya knees.
On a new broad you still one to one.
Every once in again I like havin' some fun.
No disrespect intended but what's done is done.
Women steppin' out for love men do what to come.
Not a playa like Pun but when shorties get the grabbin' on me.
The last thought I get is Koobie run.
To them girls wishin' on a star that's will stun.
But I gotta tell it like it is hun one.

[Chorus x2: Lil Brother First Lil Wayne Second]
She say she love me won't leave me won't ever let me go.
But if you're thinkin' of leaving you need to let me know.
We better together then further apart so darlin' don't go breakin' my heart.


We was high school sweethearts talkin' since we was teens.
Every morning and every evening.
Ten years later she eatin' that mean cuisine.
I'm on the field straight gone of that creatine.
In the NFL which mean Not For Long.
City to city all the groupies they hop along.
Word get back to wifey she like "Stop the song"
I'm takin' the kids to my mommas I'm out I'm gone.
Momma was like Baby now I hate to see your tears.
But I've been with your daddy for 'bout 35 years.
And in my day I had to turn a blind eye to cheating.
But I ain't never had to wear no black eye from beatings.
As long as he doing right by you and your kids.
How you gon' expect that man not to be who he is.
I ain't sayin' that it's right but we often pay the price.
Cause a womens life is love a mans love is life.
And he gon' live it to the fullest and I ain't tryna pull you down or sound like a broken record.
But you should know by now that all niggas is dogs.
Better to have a rich pit then a broke german shepard.


She say she love me won't leave me won't ever let me go.
But if you're thinkin' of leaving you need to let me know.
We better together then further apart so darlin' don't go breakin' my heart.


I say I don't have nothin' if I don't have you.
Like Shadai we got the sweetest taboo.
And my game is skin deep like your first tattoo.
I gets all in ya head just like shampoo.
I just wanna fuck with you like rude polices.
I don't want a broken heart because I lose the pieces.
Hey girl don't play with my gangsta.
And have the boy blue like a Texas Ranger.
And I know cheaters never get crowned.
So I play  like roller coasters and clowns.
You gotta hold ya soldier down.
Even when the war is lookin' it is right around the corner.
And you don't want to leave me believe me.
Cause I could turn you on like a personal TV.
It's young weezy I know what ya thought.
But I'm just here to play my part so don't go breakin' my heart.

[Chorus x2: Lil Wayne First Lil Brother Second]
She say she love me won't leave me won't ever let me go.
But if you're thinkin' of leaving you need to let me know.
We better together then further apart