 lyrics

Nas Lyrics





(feat. AZ The Firm)




[in the background Nas' verse from Main Source  is heard]


(Street's disciple my raps are trifle
I shoot slugs from my brain just like a rifle
Stampede the stage I leave the microphone split
Play Mr. Tuffy while I'm on some Pretty Tone shit
Verbal assassin my architect pleases
When I was twelve I went to ... )


[dialogue from the film between ZORO and his infantryman brother Hector]

 And you're sitting at home doing this shit? I should be earning a
medal for this. Stop fucking around and be a man there ain't nothing out
here for you...


Oh yes there is...this!


Yo Nas
Yo what the fuck is this bullshit on the radio Son?

Chill chill that's the shit God chill

Aiyyo yo pull down the shade man.
Let's count this money nigguh
Aiyyo Nas put the Jacksons and the Grants over there
You know what I'm sayin?
Cause we spendin the Jacksons

Right yeah.

You know how we get down baby

True true"

Nas yo Nas man shit is mad real right now in the Projects
for a nigga yo word to mother.  All them crab ass rappers
be comin up to me man word to mother man I think we need
to let them niggaz know it's real man

True indeed knahmsayin but when it's real you doin this
even without a record contract knahmsayin?

No question

Been doin this since back then

No doubt

I'm saying regardless how it go down we gon keep it real
We trying to see many mansions and...and Coupes kid!

No doubt we gon keep it real
True true...

Aiyyo where's Grand Wizard and Mayo at man?
Takin niggas a long time man..."

Who got the Phillies?  Take this Hennessey

Aiyyo Dunn!  C'mon c'mon man stop waving that man
Stop pointing that at me Dunn take the clip out

Nigga alright but take this Hennessey man

I'm saying take the clip man
C'mon take it out...

Light them Phillies up man
Niggaz stop fucking burning Phillies man
Light some Phillies up then!

Pass that Amber Boch pass that Amber Boch nigga! Act like you know.

Yo we drinking this straight up with no chaser
I ain't fucking with you nigga

I'm saying though man...

What is it what is it baby?

What is it Son what is it?

You know what time it is

I'm saying man ya know what I'm saying?
Niggaz don't listen man lyrics

Nas Lyrics









Yeah yeah aiyyo black it's time 
(Word it's time nigga?)
Yeah it's time man (aight nigga begin)
Yeah straight out the fuckin dungeons of rap
Where fake niggaz don't make it back
I don't know how to start this shit yo now


Rappers I monkey flip em with the funky rhythm I be kickin
Musician inflictin composition
of pain I'm like Scarface sniffin cocaine
Holdin a M-16 see with the pen I'm extreme now
Bulletholes left in my peepholes
I'm suited up in street clothes
Hand me a nine and I'll defeat foes
Y'all know my steelo with or without the airplay
I keep some E&J sittin bent up in the stairway
Or either on the corner bettin Grants with the celo champs
Laughin at baseheads tryin to sell some broken amps
G-Packs get off quick forever niggaz talk shit
Remeniscing about the last time the Task Force flipped
Niggaz be runnin through the block shootin
Time to start the revolution catch a body head for Houston
Once they caught us off guard the Mac-10 was in the grass and
I ran like a cheetah with thoughts of an assassin
Pick the Mac up told brothers "Back up" the Mac spit
Lead was hittin niggaz one ran I made him backflip
Heard a few chicks scream my arm shook couldn't look
Gave another squeeze heard it click yo my shit is stuck
Try to cock it it wouldn't shoot now I'm in danger
Finally pulled it back and saw three bullets caught up in the chamber
So now I'm jetting to the building lobby
and it was filled with children probably couldn't see as high as I be
 It's like the game ain't the same
Got younger niggaz pullin the triggers bringing fame to they name
and claim some corners crews without guns are goners
In broad daylight stickup kids they run up on us
Fo'-fives and gauges Macs in fact
Same niggaz'll catch a back to back snatchin yo' cracks in black
There was a snitch on the block gettin niggaz knocked
So hold your stash until the coke price drop
I know this crackhead who said she gotta smoke nice rock
And if it's good she'll bring ya customers in measuring pots but yo
You gotta slide on a vacation
Inside information keeps large niggaz erasin and they wives basin
It drops deep as it does in my breath
I never sleep cause sleep is the cousin of death
Beyond the walls of intelligence life is defined
I think of crime when I'm in a New York state of mind

 - 


Be havin dreams that I'ma gangster -- drinkin Moets holdin Tecs
Makin sure the cash came correct then I stepped
Investments in stocks sewein up the blocks
to sell rocks winnin gunfights with mega cops
But just a nigga walking with his finger on the trigger
Make enough figures until my pockets get bigger
I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin
Give me a Smith and Wessun I'll have niggaz undressin
Thinkin of cash flow buddah and shelter
Whenever frustrated I'ma hijack Delta
In the P.J.'s my blend tape plays bullets are strays
Young bitches is grazed each block is like a maze
full of black rats trapped plus the Island is packed
From what I hear in all the stories when my peoples come back black
I'm livin where the nights is jet black
The fiends fight to get crack I just max I dream I can sit back
and lamp like Capone with drug scripts sewn
Or the legal luxury life rings flooded with stones homes
I got so many rhymes I don't think I'm too sane
Life is parallel to Hell but I must maintain
and be prosperous though we live dangerous
cops could just arrest me blamin us we're held like hostages
It's only right that I was born to use mics
and the stuff that I write is even tougher than dice
I'm takin rappers to a new plateau through rap slow
My rhymin is a vitamin Hell without a capsule
The smooth criminal on beat breaks
Never put me in your box if your shit eats tapes
The city never sleeps full of villians and creeps
That's where I learned to do my hustle had to scuffle with freaks
I'ma addict for sneakers twenties of buddah and bitches with beepers
In the streets I can greet ya about blunts I teach ya
Inhale deep like the words of my breath
I never sleep cause sleep is the cousin of death
I lay puzzle as I backtrack to earlier times
Nothing's equivalent lyrics

Nas Lyrics










Aiyyo wassup wassup let's keep it real son
Count this money yaknowhatI'msayin?
 Yea yea
 Aiyyo put the Grant's over there in the safe yaknowhatI'msayin?
 Yea yea

Cause we spendin these Jackson's
The Washington's go to wifey you know how that go

I'm sayin that's what this is all about right?
Clothes bankrolls and hoes yaknowhatI'msayin?
Yo then what man what? 


Visualizin the realism of life and actuality
Fuck who's the baddest a person's status depends on salary
And my mentality is money orientated
I'm destined to live the dream for all my peeps who never made it
Cause yeah we were beginners in the hood as five percenters
But somethin must of got in us cause all of us turned to sinners
Now some restin in peace and some are sittin in San Quentin
Others such as myself are tryin to carry on tradition
Keepin this schwepervesent street ghetto essence inside us
Cause it provides us with the proper insight to guide us
Even though we know somehow we all gotta go
But as long as we leavin thievin we'll be leavin with some kind of dough
So and to that day we expire and turn to vapors
Me and my capers'll be somewhere stackin plenty papers
Keepin it real packin steel gettin high -
Cause life's a bitch and then you die


Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we get high
Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we puff lye
Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we get high
Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we puff lye


Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die
[-> chorus #2 includes these lines echoes at the end]


I woke up early on my born day I'm twenty years of blessing
The essence of adolescent leaves my body now I'm fresh in
My physical frame is celebrated cause I made it
One quarter through life some God-ly like thing created
Got rhymes 365 days annual plus some
Load up the mic and bust one cuss while I puffs from
My skull cause it's pain in my brain vein money maintain
Don't go against the grain simple and plain
When I was young at this I used to do my thing hard
Robbin foreigners take they wallets they jewels and rip they green cards
Dipped to the projects flashin my quick cash
And got my first piece of ass smokin blunts with hash
Now it's all about cash in abundance niggaz I used to run with
Is rich or doin years in the hundreds
I switched my motto - instead of sayin fuck tomorrow
That buck that bought a bottle could've struck the lotto
Once I stood on the block lyrics

Nas Lyrics









 --> 

[Chorus: Nas Pete Rock]

 Whose world is this?
 The world is yours the world is yours
 It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?

It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?
 The world is yours the world is yours
 It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?

I sip the Dom P watchin Gandhi til I'm charged
Then writin in my book of rhymes all the words pass the margin
To hold the mic I'm throbbin mechanical movement
Understandable smooth shit that murderers move wit
The thief's theme play me at night they won't act right
The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe
The mind activation react like I'm facin time like
'Pappy' Mason with pens I'm embracin
Wipe the sweat off my dome spit the phlegm on the streets
Suede Timb's on my feets makes my cypher complete
Whether crusin in a six-cab or Montero Jeep
I can't call it the beats make me fallin asleep
I keep fallin but never fallin six feet deep
I'm out for presidents to represent me 
I'm out for presidents to represent me 
I'm out for dead presidents to represent me

[Chorus: Nas Pete Rock]

 Whose world is this?
 The world is yours the world is yours
 It's mine it's mine it's mine
 Whose world is this?
 The world is yours the world is yours
 It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?

It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?
 The world is yours the world is yours
 It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?

To my man Ill Will God bless your life

To my peoples throughout Queens God bless your life
I trip we box up crazy bitches aimin guns in all my baby pictures
Beef with housin police release scriptures that's maybe Hitler's
Yet I'm the mild money gettin style rollin foul
The versatile honey stickin wild golden child
Dwellin in the Rotten Apple you get tackled
Or caught by the devil's lasso shit is a hassle
There's no days for broke days we sell it smoke pays
While all the old folks pray to Je-sus' soakin they sins in trays
of holy water odds against Nas are slaughter
Thinkin a word best describin my life to name my daughter
My strength my son the star will be my resurrection
Born in correction all the wrong shit I did he'll lead a right direction
How ya livin large a broker charge cards are mediocre
You flippin coke or playin spit spades in strip poker



[Chorus: Nas Pete Rock]

 It's mine it's mine it's mine
 Whose world is this?
 The world is yours the world is yours
 It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?

It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?
 Yo the world is yours the world is yours
 It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?

 Break it down



I'm the young city bandit hold myself down singlehanded
For murder raps I kick my thoughts alone get remanded
Born alone die alone no crew to keep my crown or throne
I'm deep by sound alone caved inside in a thousand miles from home
I need a new nigga for this black cloud to follow
Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow
Trying to maintain I flip fill the clip to the tip
Picturin my peeps now the income make my heartbeat skip
And I'm amped up they locked the champ up even my brain's in handcuffs
Headed for Indiana stabbin women like the Phantom
The crew is lampin big Willie style
Check the chip toothed smile plus I profile wild
Stash through the flock wools burnin dollars to light my stove
Walk the blocks wit a bop checkin Danes plus the games
people play bust the problems of the world today



[Chorus: Nas Pete Rock]

 It's mine it's mine it's mine
 Whose world is this?
 The world is yours the world is yours
 It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?

It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?
 Yeah... the world is yours the world is yours
 It's mine it's mine it's mine
Whose world is this?

Break it down

Yea aight?
To everybody in Queens the foundation

The world is yours
To everybody uptown yo the world is yours

The world is yours
To everybody in Brooklyn
Y'all know the world is yours	

The world is yours
Everbody in Mount Vernon the world is yours

Long Island the world is yours	

Staten Island yea the world is yours

South Bronx lyrics

Nas Lyrics








	
Check me out y'all Nasty Nas in your area
About to cause mass hysteria


Before a blunt I take out my fronts
Then I start to front matter of fact I be on a manhunt
You couldn't catch me in the streets without a ton of reefer
That's like Malcolm X catchin the Jungle Fever
King poetic too much flavor I'm major
Atlanta ain't Brave-r I'll pull a number like a pager
Cause I'm am ace when I face the bass
40-side is the place that is giving me grace
Now wait another dose and you might be dead
And I'm a Nike head I wear chains that excite the feds
And ain't a damn thing gonna change
I'ma performer  show the mic warmer was born to gain
Nas why did you do it?
You know you got the mad fat fluid when you rhyme it's halftime

 It's halftime
 Aiyyo it's halftime
 It's halftime
 Yeah it's about halftime
This is how it feel check it out how it feel


It's like that you know it's like that
I got it hemmed now you never get the mic back
When I attack there ain't an army that could strike back
So I react never calmly on a hype track
I set it off with my own rhyme
Cause I'm as ill as a convict who kills for phone time
I'm max like cassettes I flex like sex
in your stereo sets Nas will catch wreck
I used to hustle now all I do is relax and strive
When I was young I was a fan of the Jackson 5
I drop jewels wear jewels hope to never run it
With more kicks than a baby in a mother's stomach
Nasty Nas has to rise cause I'm wise
This is exercise 'til the microphone dies
Back in eighty-three I was an MC sparking
But I was too scared to grab the mic's in the park and
kick my little raps cause I thought niggaz wouldn't understand
And now in every jam I'm the fuckin man
I rap in front of more niggaz than in the slave ships
I used to watch C.H.I.P.S. now I load glock clips
I got to have it I miss Mr. Magic
Versatile my style switches like a faggot
But not bisexual I'm an intellectual
Of rap I'm a professional and that's no question yo
These are the lyrics of the man you can't near it understand
Cuz in the streets I'm well known like the number man
In my place wit the bass and format
Explore rap and tell me Nas ain't all that
And next time I rhyme I be foul
Whenever I freestyle I see trial niggaz say I'm wow
I hate a rhymebiter's rhyme
Stay tuned Nas soon the real rap comes at halftime

 It's halftime
 Exhale check it it's halftime
 It's halftime
 It's real in the field
Word life check it


I got it goin on even flip 'em on this song
Every afternoon I kick half the tune
And in the darkness I'm heartless like when the NARCs hit
Word to Marcus Garvey I hardly sparked it
Cause when I blast the herb that's my word
I be slayin them fast doing this that and the third
But chill past to Andre and let's slay
I bag bitches up at John Jay and hit a matinee
Puttin hits on 5-0
Csudr when it's my time to go I wait for God wit the fo'-fo'
And biters can't come near
And yo go to hell to the foul cop who shot Garcia
I won't plant seeds don't need an extra mouth I can't feed
That's extra Phillie change more cash for that weed
This goes out to Manhattan the island of Staten
Brooklyn and Queens is livin fat and
The Boogie Down enough props enough clout
Ill Will rest in peace yo I'm out

 It's still halftime
 To the Queensbridge crew
To the Queensbridge crew you know it's halftime
 Ninety-two it's halftime
 Yo police police man lyrics

Nas Lyrics









Aight fuck that shit word word
Fuck that other shit you know what I'm sayin?
We're gonna do a little something like this you know what I'm sayin?

Keep it on and on and on and on and..
know what I'm sayin? Big Nas Grand Wizard God what it is?
 Hah know what I'm sayin?
You go 'head do that shit nigga


I rap for listeners blunt heads fly ladies and prisoners
Hennessey holders and old school niggas then I be dissin a unofficial that smoke woolie thai
I dropped out of Kooley High gassed up by a cokehead cutie pie
Jungle survivor fuck who's the liver
My man put the battery in my back a differencem from Energizer
Sentence begins indented with formality
My duration's infinite moneywise or physiology
Poetry that's a part of me retardedly bop
I drop the ancient manifested hip-hop straight off the block
I reminisce on park jams my man was shot for his sheep coat
Chocolate blunts make me see him drop in my weed smoke
It's real grew up in trife life did times or white lines
The hype vice murderous nighttimes and knife fights invite crimes
Chill on the block with Cognac hold strap
with my peeps that's into drug money market into rap
No sign of the beast in the blue Chrysler I guess that means peace
For niggas no sheisty vice to just snipe you
Start off the dice-rolling mats for craps to cee-lo
With sidebets I roll a deuce nothing below 
Peace God -- now the shit is explained
I'm taking niggas on a trip straight through memory lane
It's like that you all it's like that you all it's like that you all



 -> 



One for the money
Two for pussy and foreign cars
Three for Alize niggas deceased or behind bars
I rap divine Gods check the prognosis is it real or showbiz?
My window faces shootouts drug overdoses
Live amongst no roses only the drama for real
A nickel-plate is my fate my medicine is the ganja
Here's my basis my razor embraces many faces
Your telephone blowing black stitches or fat shoelaces
Peoples are petrol dramatic automatic four-four I let blow
and back down po-po when I'm vexed so
my pen taps the paper then my brain's blank
I see dark streets hustling brothers who keep the same rank
Pumping for something some uprise plus some fail
Judges hanging niggas uncorrect bails for direct sales
My intellect prevails from a hanging cross with nails
I reinforce the frail with lyrics that's real
Word to Christ a disciple of streets trifle on beats
I decipher prophecies through a mic and say peace.
I hung around the older crews while they sling smack to dingbats
They spoke of Fat Cat that nigga's name made bell rings black
Some fiends scream about Supreme Team a Jamaica Queens thing
Uptown was Alpo son heard he was kingpin yo
Fuck  watch the herbs stand still
Never talking to snakes 'cause the words of man kill
True in the game as long as blood is blue in my veins
I pour my Heineken brew to my deceased crew on memory lane



 -> 

The most dangerous MC is..
 -> 

The most dangerous MC is..
 -> 

The most dangerous MC is..
 -> 

The most dangerous MC is..
Me number won lyrics

Nas Lyrics









What's up kid? I know shit is rough doing your bid
When the cops came you should've slid to my crib
Fuck it black no time for looking back it's done
Plus congratulations you know you got a son
I heard he looks like you why don't your lady write you?
Told her she should visit that's when she got hyper
Flippin talk about he acts too rough
He didn't listen he be riffin' while I'm telling him stuff
I was like yeah shorty don't care she a snake too
Fucking with the niggas from that fake crew that hate you
But yo guess who got shot in the dome-piece?
Jerome's niece on her way home from Jones Beach - it's bugged
Plus little Rob is selling drugs on the dime
Hangin out with young thugs that all carry 9's
At night time there's more trife than ever
What's up with Cormega did you see 'em are y'all together?
If so then hold the fort down represent to the fullest
Say what's up to Herb Ice and Bullet
I left a half a hundred in your commissary
You was my nigga when push came to shove
One what? one love


Dear Born you'll be out soon stay strong
Out in New York the same shit is going on
The crack-heads stalking loud-mouths is talking
Hold check out the story yesterday when I was walking
The nigga you shot last year tried to appear like he hurtin' something
Word to mother I heard him fronting
And he be pumping on your block
Your man gave him your glock
And now they run together what up son whatever
Since I'm on the streets I'm gonna put it to a cease
But I heard you blew a nigga with a ox for the phone piece
Whylin on the Island but now with Elmira
Better chill cause them niggas will put that ass on fire
Last time you wrote you said they tried you in the showers
But maintain when you come home the corner's ours
On the reals all these crab niggas know the deal
When we start the revolution all they probably do is squeal
But chill see you on the next V-I
I gave your mom dukes loot for kicks plus sent you flicks
Your brother's buck whylin' in four maine he wrote me
He might beat his case 'til he come home I play it low key
So stay civilised time flies
Though incarcerated your mind 
I hate it when your moms cries
It kinda wants to make me murder for real-a
I've even got a mask and gloves to bust slugs for one love


Sometimes I sit back with a Buddha sack
Mind's in another world thinking how can we exist through the facts
Written in school text books bibles et cetera
Fuck a school lecture the lies get me vexed-er
So I be ghost from my projects
I take my pen and pad for the weekend
Hitting L's while I'm sleeping
A two day stay you may say I needed time alone
To relax my dome no phone left the 9 at home
You see the streets have me stressed somethin terrible
Fucking with the corners have a nigga up in Belleville
Or h.d.m. hit with numbers from 8 to 10
A future in a maximum state pen is grim
So I comes back home nobody's helping shorty doo-wop
Rollin two Phillies together in the Bridge we called 'em oowops
He said "Nas niggas could be bustin' off the roof
So I wear a bullet proof and pack a black tres-deuce"
He inhaled so deep shut his eyes like he was sleep
Started coughing one eye peeked to watch me speak
I sat back like the mack my army suit was black
We was chillin' on these benches where he pumped his loose cracks
I took an l when he passed it this little bastard
Keeps me blasted he starts talking mad shit
I had to school him told him don't let niggas fool him
'cos when the pistol blows the one that's murdered will be the cool one
Tough luck when niggas are struck families fucked up
Could've caught your man but didn't look when you bucked up
Mistakes happen so take heed never bust up
At the crowd catch him solo make the right man bleed
Shorty's laugh was cold blooded as he spoke so foul
Only twelve trying to tell me that he liked my style
Then I rose lyrics

Nas Lyrics











Yeah it's Illmatic 
It's Illmatic 
It's Illmatic huh


  One time 4 your mind one time
 Yeah whatever
  One time 4 your mind one time
 Yo whatever
  One time 4 your mind one time
Aiyyo Nas  kick that fuckin rhyme



Check it out
When I'm chillin I grab the buddha get my crew to buy beers
And watch a flick illin and root for the villian huh
Plus every morning I go out and love it sort of chilly
Then I send a shorty from my block to the store for Phillies
After being blessed by the herb's essence
I'm back to my rest ten minutes some odd seconds
That's where I got the honey at spends the night for sexing
Cheap lubrication Lifestyle protection
Picking up my stereo's remote control quickly
Ron G's in the cassette deck rockin the shit G
I try to stay mellow rock well acapella rhymes'll
make me richer than a slipper made Cinderella fella
Go get your crew Hobbes I'm prepared to bomb troops
Got niggaz who's born I shot my way out my Mom Dukes
When I was ten I was a hip-hoppin shorty wop
Known for rocking microphones and twisting off a 40 top yeah



  One time 4 your mind one time
 Yeah whatever
  One time 4 your mind one time
 It sound clever
  Hey yo Nas fuck that man that shit was fat
But kick that for them gangstas man fuck all that



Right right what up niggaz how y'all it's Nasty the villian
I'm still writin rhymes but besides that I'm chillin
I'm trying to get this money God you know the hard times kid
Shit cold be starvin make you wanna do crimes kid
But I'ma lamp cuz a crime couldn't beat a rhyme
Niggaz catching 3 to 9's Muslims yelling free the mind
And I'm from Queensbridge been to many places
as a kid when I would say that out of town niggaz chased us
But now I know the time got a older mind
Plus control a nine fine see now I represent mine
I'm new on the rap scene brothers never heard of me
Yet I'm a meance yo police wanna murder me
Heine Dark drinker represent the thinker
My pen rides the paper it even has blinkers
Think I'll dim the lights then inhale it stimulates
Floating like I'm on the North 95 Interstate
Never plan to stop when I write my hand is hot
And expand alot from the Wiz to Camelot
The parlayer I'll make ya heads bop Pah
I shine a light on perpetrators like a cop's car
From day to night I play the mic and you'll thank God
I wreck shit so much the microphone'll need a paint job
My brain is incarcerated
Live at any jam I couldn't count all the parks I raided
I hold a Mac-11 and attack the Reverand
I contact 11 L's and max in heaven

[Outro: Nas Large Professor and ?]

  Yo one time 4 your mind one time
 It sound clever
  But one time 4 your mind one time
 Yeah whatever
  One time 4 your mind one time
 Yo from ninety-two to ninety-nine
 Yeah that shit was greasy fat Paul knowhatI'msayin?
But check it you gotta another verse for me
I want you to kick it lyrics

Nas Lyrics








Represent represent!! 

Straight up shit is real and any day could be your last in the jungle
Get murdered on the humble guns'll blast niggaz tumble
The corners is the hot spot full of mad criminals
who don't care guzzlin beers we all stare
at the out-of-towners  (Ay yo yo who that?)  They better break North
before we get the four pounders and take their face off
The streets is filled with undercovers homicide chasin brothers
The D.A.'s on the roof tryin to watch us and knock us
And killer coppers even come through in helicopters
I drink a little vodka spark a L and hold a Glock for
the fronters wannabe ill niggaz and spot runners
Thinkin it can't happen til I trap em and clap em
and leave em done won't even run about Gods
I don't believe in none of that shit your facts are backwards
Nas is a rebel of the street corner
Pullin a Tec out the dresser police got me under pressure

Represent represent!! 

Yo they call me Nas I'm not your legal type of fella
Moet drinkin marijuana smokin street dweller
who's always on the corner rollin up blessed
When I dress it's never nuttin less than Guess
Cold be walkin with a bop and my hat turned back
Love committin sins and my friends sell crack
This nigga raps with a razor keep it under my tongue
The school drop-out never liked the shit from day one
cause life ain't shit but stress fake niggaz and crab stunts
So I guzzle my Hennesey while pullin on mad blunts
The brutalizer crew de-sizer accelerator
The type of nigga who be pissin in your elevator
Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game
Used to sport Bally's and Gazelle's with black frames
Now I'm into fat chains sex and Tecs
Fly new chicKs and new kicks Heine's and Beck's

Represent represent!! 

No doubt; see my stacks are fat this is what it's about
Before the BDP conflict with MC Shan
Around the time when Shante dissed the Real Roxxane
I used to wake up every mornin see my crew on the block
Every day's a different plan that had us runnin from cops
If it wasn't hangin out in front of cocaine spots
We was at the candy factory breakin the locks
Nowadays I need the green in a flash just like the next man
Fuck a yard God let me see a hundred grand
Could use a gun Son but fuck bein the wanted man
but if I hit rock bottom then I'ma be the Son of Sam
Then call the crew to get live too
with Swoop Hakim my brother Jungle Big Bo cooks up the blow
Mike'll chop it Mayo you count the profit
My shit is on the streets this way the Jakes'll never stop it
It's your brain on drugs to all fly bitches and thugs
Nuff respect to the projects I'm ghost One Love

Represent y'all represent!! 

One time for your motherfuckin mind
This goes out to everybody in New York
that's livin the real fuckin life
And every projects all over
To my man Big Will he's still here 
The 40 side of Vernon
My man Big L.E.S.
Big Cee-Lo from the Don
Shawn Penn the 40 busters
My crew the shorty busters
The 41st side of Vernon posse
The Goodfellas
My man Cormega Lakid Kid
Can't forget Drawers the Hillbillies
My man Slate Wallethead
Black Jay Big Oogi
Crazy barrio spot 
We rock shit Ph.D
And my man Primo from GangStarr
(Ninety-four real shit y'all Harry O!)
Fuck y'all crab ass niggaz though...
(Yeah lyrics

Nas Lyrics








It ain't hard to tell I excel then prevail
The mic is contacted I attract clientele
My mic check is life or death breathin a sniper's breath
I exhale the yellow smoke of buddha through righteous steps
Deep like The Shinin' sparkle like a diamond
Sneak a uzi on the island in my army jacket linin
Hit the Earth like a comet invasion
Nas is like the Afrocentric Asian half-man half-amazin
Cause in my physical I can express through song
Delete stress like Motrin then extend strong
I drank Moet with Medusa give her shotguns in hell
From the spliff that I lift and inhale it ain't hard to tell

The buddha monk's in your trunk turn the bass up
Not stories by Aesop place your loot up parties I shoot up
Nas I analyze drop a jew-el inhale from the L
School a fool well you feel it like braille
It ain't hard to tell I kick a skill like Shaquille holds a pill
Vocabulary spills I'm +Ill+
plus +Matic+ I freak beats slam it like Iron Shiek
Jam like a tech with correct techniques
So analyze me surprise me but can't magmatize me
Scannin while you're plannin ways to sabotage me
I leave em froze like her-on in your nose
Nas'll rock well it ain't hard to tell

This rhythmatic explosion is what your frame of mind has chosen
I'll leave your brain stimulated niggaz is frozen
Speak with criminal slang begin like a violin
End like Leviathan it's deep well let me try again
Wisdom be leakin out my grapefruit troop
I dominate break loops givin mics men-e-straul cycles
Street's disciple I rock beats that's mega trifle
And groovy but smoother than moves by Villanova
You're still a soldier I'm like Sly Stone in Cobra
Packin like a rasta in the weed spot
Vocals'll squeeze glocks MC's eavesdrop
Though they need not to sneak
My poetry's deep lyrics

Nas Lyrics









-Hey Nas hey hey boy you see what they done did to Jimmy and Lee.
 Mmmhmm.  Damn man.
-I can't take it man.
 Sho' can't.
-You think this is gonna eva' change?
 Man damn this place man!  Damn these chains!  These damn
chitlins every damn night.  
-This cotton.
 Shit!
-I can't take it man.
 Harriett done left the night befo'.  It's time we go.  
Aint no place for black folk here. Man promise land callin'
me man.
-It's callin' me too.
 It's time we go.
-Yeah I'm wichou!
 Hey man hey damn these chains man.  
Damn you master you
ain't my master man! 

 You aint nothin' you aint nothin.

-Hey Bandit Bandit get the dogs!  Get the hounds we gonna
have ourselves a hangin' tonight!

 Nineteen-ninety-six!
Back up in this nigga.
The right way though you know? 
-Double-tre son you know  aint nothin'
coincedental or accidental son.
 No doubt!
-You know how it's goin' down man.
 It was all written.
-No question I'm sayin' man I mean how we playin' man
you know what I'm sayin' they dealt us in son.
They playin' with a fifty-four deck you see with the
Jokers in and everything you know what I'm saying?
 Son I'm playin' with the fifty-two.
-You wanna stress on how I used to play that's how I play.
 But yo they takin' us into this next millenium right now.
-I'm sayin' law you know what I'm sayin' we gotta lay the law
cause without law aint no order you know what I'm sayin' 
that's why these cats are slippin'
through you know what I'm sayin?  They got the rules missin'
though.
 True.
-Yo word up though you know what I mean?
 Son these niggas look faker than the new hundred dollars son.
-Yeah you see that they look Monopoly money right?
 Word with the big ass face on it.
-Yo what I'm sayin' we see through all that though
you know what I'm sayin?
 No question.
-All eyes seein' son you know we real.
 Yo no doubt.  In the Qu'ran it says Nas the men.
Nesa's the woman lyrics

Nas Lyrics








Fake thug no love you get the slug CB4 Gusto
Your luck low I didn't know til I was drunk though
You freak niggaz played out get fucked and ate out
Prostitute turned bitch I got the gauge out
96 ways I made out Montana way
The Good-F-E-L-L-A verbal AK spray
Dipped attache jumped out the Range empty out the ashtray
A glass of 'ze make a man Cassius Clay
Red dot plots murder schemes thirty-two shotguns
Regulate wit my Dunn's 17 rocks gleam from one ring
Yo let me let y'all niggaz know one thing
There's one life one love so there can only be one King
The highlights of livin Vegas style roll dice in linen
Antera spinnin on Milleniums twenty G bets I'm winnin them
Threats I'm sendin them Lex with TV sets the minimum
Ill sex adrenaline
Party with villians a case of Demi-Sec to chase the Henny
Wet any clique with the semi-tech who want it
Diamonds I flaunt it chickenheads flock I lace em
Fried broiled with basil taste em crack the legs
way out of formation it's horizontal how I have em
fuckin me in the Benz wagon
Can it be Vanity from Last Dragon
Grab your gun it's on though
Shit is grimy real niggaz buck in broad daylight
with the broke Mac it won't spray right
Don't give a fuck who they hit as long as the drama's lit
Yo overnight thugs bug cause they ain't promised shit
Hungry-ass hooligans stay on that piranha shit



"I never sleep cause sleep is the cousin of death" -> 
 -> 


I peeped you frontin I was in the Jeep
Sunk in the seat tinted with heat beats bumpin
Across the streat you was wildin
Talkin bout how you ran the Island in eighty-nine
Layin up playin the yard with crazy shine
I cocked a baby 9 that nigga grave be mine clanked him
What was he thinkin on my corner when it's pay me time
Dug em you owe me cousin somethin told me plug him
So dumb felt my leg burn then it got numb
Spun around and shot one heard shots and dropped son
Caught a hot one somebody take this biscuit 'fore the cops come
Then they came askin me my name what the fuck
I got stitched up and went through
Left the hospital that same night what
Got my gat back time to backtrack
I had to drop so how the fuck I get clapped
Black was in the Jeep watchin all these scenes speed by
It was a brown Datsun and yo nobody in my hood got one
That clown nigga's through blazin at his crew daily
The 'Bridge touched me up severely hear me?
So when I rhyme it's sincerely yours
Be lightin L's sippin Coors on all floors in project halls
Contemplatin war niggaz I was cool with before
We used to score together Uptown coppin the raw
But uhh a thug changes and love changes
and best friends become strangers word up

[Chorus: first from  then  ]

 -> 
 -> 


Thug niggaz
Yo to them thug niggaz gettin it on in the world you know?
To them niggaz that's locked down
doin they thing survivin yaknowmsayin?
To my thorough niggaz New York and world wide
Yo to the Queensbridge Militia
9-6 shit.. The Firm clique Illmatic nigga
It Was Written though
It's been a long time comin
Y'all fake niggaz tryin to copy
better come with the real though
Fake ass niggaz yo..
(They throw us slugs we throwin em back what?)
Bring the shit man lyrics

Nas Lyrics








Uhh what what uhh..


Street dreams are made of these
Niggaz push Beemers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reachin a key
Everybody's lookin for somethin..
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees for niggaz with big G's
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's lookin for somethin..

My man put me up for the share one-fourth of a square
Headed for Delaware with one change of gear
Nothin on my mind but the dime sack we blazed
with the glaze in my eye that we find when we crave
dollars and cents a fugitive with two attempts
Jakes had no trace of the face now they drew a print
Though I'm innocent til proven guilty
I'ma try to filthy purchase a club and start up realty
For real G I'ma fullfill my dream
If I conceal my scheme then precisely I'll build my cream
the first trip without the clique
Sent the bitch with the quarter brick this is it
Fresh face NY plates got a Crooked I for the Jakes
I want it all Armor All Benz and endless papes
God sake what nigga got to do to make a half million
without the FBI catchin feelings



From fat cat to papi niggaz see the cat
Twenty-five to flat push a thousand feet back
Holdin gats wasn't making me fat snitches on my back
Livin with moms gettin it on flushin crack down the toilet
Two sips from bein alcoholic
Nine hundred ninety nine thou from bein rich but now I'm all for it
My man saw it like Dionne Warwick
A wiser team for a wiser dream we could all score with
The cartel Argentina coke with the nina 
Up in the hotel smokin on sessamina
Trina got the fishscale between her
The way the bitch shook her ass yo the dogs never seen her
She got me back livin sweeter fresh Caesar
Guess David Robinson's Walle' moccasins
Bitches blow me while hoppin in the drop-top BM
Word is bond son I had that bitch down on my shit like this



Growin up project-struck lookin for luck dreamin
Scopin the large niggaz beamin check what I'm seein
Cars ghetto stars pushin ill Europeans
G'n heard about them old timers OD'n
Young early 80's throwin rocks at the crazy lady
Worshippin every word them rope rockin niggaz gave me
The street raised me up givin a fuck
I thought Jordan's and a gold chain was livin it up
I knew the dopes the pushers the addicts everybody
Cut out of class just to smoke blunts and drink naughty
Ain't that funny? Gettin put on to crack money
With all the gunplay paintin the kettle black hungry
A case of beers in the staircase I wasted years
Some niggaz went for theirs flippin coke as they career
But I'm a rebel stressin to pull out of the heat no doubt
With Jeeps tinted out lyrics

Nas Lyrics









Damn!  Look how muh-fuckers use a nigga
Just use me for whatever the fuck they want
I don't get to say shit
Just grab me just do what the fuck they want
Sell me throw me away
Niggaz just don't give a fuck about a nigga like me right?
Like I'm a f... I'm a gun shit
It's like I'm a motherfuckin gun
I can't believe this shit....
Word up.. 

I seen some cold nights and bloody days
They grab and me bullets spray
They use me wrong so I sing this song 'til this day
My body is cold steel for real
I was made to kill that's why they keep me concealed
Under car seats they sneak me in clubs
Been in the hands of mad thugs
They feed me when they load me with mad slugs
Seventeen precisely one in my head
They call me Desert Eagle semi-auto with lead
I'm seven inches four pounds been through so many towns
Ohio to Little Rock to Canarsie livin harshly
Beat up and battered they pull me out
I watch as niggaz scattered makin me kill
But what I feel it never mattered
When I'm empty I'm quiet findin myself fiendin to be fired
A broken safety niggaz place me in shelves
under beds so I beg for my next owner to be a thoroughbred
Keep me full up with hollow heads



How you like me now?  I go blaow
It's that shit that moves crowds makin every ghetto foul
I might have took your first child
Scarred your life crippled your style
I gave you power
I made you buck wild


Always I'm in some shit my abdomen is the clip
The barrel is my dick uncircumcised
Pull my skin back and cock me I bust off when they unlock me
Results of what happens to niggaz shock me
I see niggaz bleedin runnin from me in fear stunningly tears
fall down the eyes of these so-called tough guys for years
I've been used in robberies givin niggaz heart to follow me
Placin peoples in graves funerals made cause I was sprayed
I was laid in a shelf with a grenade
Met a wrecked-up tech with numbers on his chest that say 
Five-two-oh-nine-three-eight-five and zero
Had a serial defaced hopin one day police would place
where he came from a name or some sort of person to claim him
Tired of murderin made him wanna be a plain gun
But yo I had some other plans like the next time the beef is on
I make myself jam right in my owner's hand




Yo weeks went by and I'm surprised
Still stuck in the shelf with all the things that an outlaw hides
Besides me it's bullets two vests and then a nine
There's a grenade in a box and that tech that kept cryin
Cause he ain't been cleaned in a year he's rusty as clear
He's bout to fall to pieces cause of his murder career
Yo I can hear somebody comin in open the shelf
His eyes bubblin he said 
I felt his palm troubled him shakin
Somebody stomped him out his dome was achin
He placed me on his waist the moment I've been waitin
My creation was for blacks to kill blacks
It's gats like me that accidentally go off makin niggaz memories
But this time it's done intentionally
He walked me outside saw this cat
Cocked me back said 
He pulled the trigger but I held on it felt wrong
Knowing niggaz is waiting in hell for 'im
He squeezed harder I didn't budge sick of the blood
Sick of the thugs sick of wrath of the next man's grudge
What the other kid did was pull out no doubt
A newer me in better shape before he lit out he lead the chase
My owner fell to the floor his wig split so fast
I didn't know he was hit it's over with
Heard mad niggaz screamin niggaz runnin cops is comin
Now I'm happy lyrics

Nas Lyrics










They never realized how real Nas is so decisive
It's just the likeness of Isrealites mist that made me write this
A slight twist of lime rhyme be chasin down your prime time
Food for thought or rather mind wine
The Don Juan features the freak shit my thesis
on how we creep quick fuckin your wife that ain't so secret
It's mandatory - see that pussy they hand it to me
I got no game it's just some bitches understand my story
There ain't no drama that my niggaz never handle for me
My gator brand is Maurry walkin through rough land before me
where the snakes put a smile on they face hopin and prayin I'm stuck
Scopin they lay in the cut weighin my luck
Player haters play this in cell blocks and rock stages
Winkin at some females cops with cocked gauges
Really it's papers I'm addicted to wasn't for rap then I'll be stickin you
The mag inside the triple goose
Face down on the floors the routine
Don't want hear nobody blow steam just cream or it's a smoke screen
Imagine that - that's why I hardly kick the braggin raps
I zone to each his own and this ghetto inhabitant



Watch dem niggas that be close to you
And make sure they do what they supposed to do
Cause you know they be thinkin about smokin you
Never personal nowadays it's the ways


Now how can I perfect this (uhh what)
livin reckless die for my necklace
Crime infected drivin a Lexus with a death wish
Jettin checkin my message on the speaker
Boppin to Mona Lisa brown reefer ten G's gun and my Visa
CD crankin doin ninety on the Franklin-D-Roosevelt
No seat belt drinkin and thinkin
My man caught a bad one son niggaz is frightened
Secret indictments adds on to one seekin enlightment
My Movado says seven the God hour that's if you follow
traditions started by the school not far from the Apollo
My  motto through the eyes of Pablo
Escobar the desperado - word to Cus D'Amato



Got to watch dem niggas that's close to you
And make sure they do what they supposed to do
Cause you know they be thinkin about smokin you
Never personal nowadays it's the ways
Watch dem niggas that's close to you
And make sure they do what they supposed to do
Cause you know they be thinkin about smokin you
Never personal nowadays it's the ways


Some niggaz watch you  see you when you think on the low
Ain't hard to spot you you swore to keep it real after you blow
Three ki's new V's went to Anguilla with your hoe
Stayed around the hood smoothest cat gettin the dough
Them old timers advise you to them problems that's ahead
Drama with the Feds not listenin just bobbin your head
Your Roley shinin thinkin to yourself nobody's takin mine
At the same time your hoe is gettin snatched from behind
Put in the van where's the hundred grand script in her hand
From all the ice wouldn't you know -
- you knew these niggaz all your life
What made them mark you victim you fucked up somehwere down the line
now they had to target your Wisdom
She took em to your place straight to your safe
You doubted it could happen sick of yappin
Dump in your ride headed to your side
Puffin ganja get to your crib can't find her
Just a reminder shit and have your stash house where you crash out
Coulda passed out your coke was gone now you assed out
Dead bitches tell no lies you should use your eyes



Got to watch dem niggas that's close to you 
And make sure they do what they supposed to do (what hah)
Cause you know they be thinkin about smokin you 
Never personal nowadays it's the ways
Watch dem niggas that's close to you 
And make sure they do what they supposed to do
Cause you know they be thinkin about smokin you 
Never personal nowadays lyrics

Nas Lyrics








"I made it like that I bought it like that I'm livin like that" 



Yo; I never brag how real I keep it cause it's the best secret
I rock a vest prestigious Cuban link flooded Jesus
in a Lex watchin Kathie Lee and Regis
My actions are one with the seasons
A tec squeezin - executioner winter time I rock a fur
Mega popular center of attraction
Climaxin my bitches they be laughin
They high from sniffin coke off a twenty-cent Andrew Jackson
City lights spark a New York night
Rossi and Martini sippin Sergio Tachinni flippin mad pies
low price I blow dice and throw em
Forty-five by my scrotum manifest the  slogan
My niggaz roll in ten M3's
Twenty Gods poppin wheelies on Kawasaki's
Hip-Hop's got me on some ol' sprayin shots like a drumroll
Blankin out and never miscount the shells my gun hold
I don't stunt I regulate
Henny and Sprite I seperate watchin crab niggaz marinate
I'm all about tecs and good jooks and sex
Israelite books holdin government names from Ness
MC's are crawlin out every hole in the slum
You be aight like blood money in a pimp's cum

"I made it like that I bought it like that I'm livin like that"
"I made it like that I bought it like that I'm livin like that..
.. for you wack MC's"


Currency is made in trust of the Messiah
I'm spending it to get higher
Earth Wind and Fire singing reasons why I'm
up early trustworthy is a nine that bust early
Sunshine on my grill I spill
Remi on imaginary graves put my hat on my waves
Latter Day Saints say religious praise
I dolo challenge any team or solo
You must be buggin out new to my shit home on a furlough
Ask around who's laid up sharp and straight up
Mafioso gettin niggaz wigs sprayed up
Skies are misty my life's predicted by a gypsy
I'll one day walk into shots drunk off champange from Sicily
This be the drama I'ma pause like a comma
in a sentence paragraph's indented
Bloodshot red eyes high yellow envelopes of lye
Openin cigars let tobacco fly
Condos are tuneproof we're looking out the sky's moonroof
Shittin like gin and prune juice
Yo the system wants the coon's noose hang em high
Courtrooms filled up it's off the hook while I
just wrote a statement like I'm facing twenty years
in the basement - chilling on the via with Mumia
for wearin chrome - I told the judge snakes slither 
like Sharon Stone but like Capone I'm thrown 

"I made it like that I bought it like that I'm livin like that"
"I made it like that I bought it like that I'm livin like that..
.. for you wack MC's"
"I made it like that I bought it like that I'm livin like that"
"I made it like that I bought it like that I'm livin like that..
.. for you wack MC's"


Lyrical ly-lyrical mission..
Lyrical..
Yo the time is wastin I use the mind elevation
Dime sack lacin court pen pacin
Individual lyrical math abrasion
Psychic evaluation the foulest nation
We livin in dangerous lives mad leak and battered wives
A lifestyle where bad streets is patternized
Wise men build and destroy
While the real McCoy dopefiend named Detroit is still dealin boy
Coke suppliers actin biased
Cause rumors say that niggaz wear wires and we liars
But every night the gat's fired and every day a rat's hired
I still remain the mack flyest in the phat Kani it's --
-- just the killer in me slash drug dealer MC
Ex-slug filler semi mug peeler
Demi bottles of Mo' yo simply follow me flow
Put poetry inside a crack pot and blow
rough holes for cracked out pussies and buttholes
Bring the G's and the D's roll they can't touch those
Why shoot the breeze about it when you could be about it? 
My degrees are routed toward the peasy haired brick houses
instead of the fake medallions
Rich niggaz transport in thousands
Foreign cash exchange amountin to millions
Doors is locked rocks is chopped watch the cameras in the ceilings
Trick bitches catching mad feelings
Peelin off in the Lex Jeep techniques is four-wheelin
I bet it be some shit when we connect with Stretch
When we catch them sex niggaz with the tecs you blessed word
So now it's on never wasted a slug
Time is money when it comes to mine take it in blood

"I made it like that I bought it like that I'm livin like that"
"I made it like that I bought it like that I'm livin like that..
.. for you wack MC's" 

Yeah Capone-N-Noreaga
Yeah yo offical Queensbridge murderers
Mobb Deep keep it real though
Motherfuckin AZ yo
'Mega 'Mega whatever
Scarlett O'Hara
Yo Fox Boogie
East New York
Gambo Brownsville
Wizard Fort Rockaway
Big Jersey
Connecticut D.C. Sudan
V.A. ?? N.C. L.A.
So on and so on...
Big Ha Houston Fifth Ward
Black Ed lyrics

Nas Lyrics









 Motherfuckin Dre!
 AHHHHHHH!
 Whassup my nigga?
 Sup NAS?
 Chillin God
 Niggaz is up in here hittin some of this CHRONIC nigga
 Yeah and this chocolate over here
They mixed this shit up
 Nigga hit some of this shit nigga
 Yeah lemme get that
I'm tired of these niggaz niggaz stealin beats
And niggaz is stealin your whole techniques and shit
Niggaz wanna take everything from a nigga man
 Yeah yeah yo Nas it's like this man

Niggaz can't do it like I do it d'yaknahmsayin?
Just like niggaz can't do what you do

 Right right
 You know can't nobody fuck with this

You know all these niggaz out here just..

talkin this East coast West coast bullshit
Niggaz need to kill that shit

and make some money y'know?
 WORD!

 Fuck it
 What is it what is it God?

 Let's get together make some fuckin music
 Right that's what I'm sayin that's what I'm sayin
 and get PAID and just.. let that be it

All these niggaz talkin all this bullshit

better sit back and watch what happens



The Golden Child chop that ass up you was holdin out
Let the streets be the court - and corners hold the trial
Fatal not fictitious
I rock the cable 86 ?? foreign cars young with crazy bitches
Mad smoke makes me able to quote
Solicitin ill editions of that Murder I WRote
A provocative plan can bring a knot to my hand
As the pyramids that stand on top of the sand
In the heat of the moment like Farrakhan said we need atonement
Bulletproof glass S-classes chrome kitted up
Cali ?? lit it up
I didn't get touched checking my nuts I stood up and lit a Dutch
Clutchin gats quick to bust
But knowin how these niggaz tattle
I sneak move get the drop one shot without the gun battle
So when you run the lead travel
I come through it's taboo
Ninety-six ways made to clap you



Nas is comin Nas is comin
Nas is comin..  Nas is comin
Nas is comin Nas is comin
Nas is comin..  Nas is comin


In the black limo Jack Daniels through the cracked window
I spot the fake red dot his face like a Hindu
Snatched the symbol tied his hands too
Make examples substantial amounts you owe to the fam
Crew Firm affliation paper chasin
Chips glossy rich Pablo Escabano
Sophisticado Blazin hollows like Saddles
Rap apostle nacho cheese I'm Castro
compared to these niggaz who swear to be real
but impostors to Hoffa Nas plague kills
Countin bills to send to all my jail niggaz who fell
From New York to L.A. Q.B. to C.P.T. for G.P.
A hundred G cars Garcia Vegas cigars
Kani shit mad jiggy
The clout murder material serial scratched out
My name's passed out like it's somethin venereal
but back in stereo




From childbirth to hearses flow like the Nile cover surface
I bit the fruit from the Serpent
Apocalyptic get bent stay splifted
Control the rap game you got it twisted
Dr. Dre way the 'Bridge say shake dice and kiss it
Sip Crist' push the six with biscuit
Jeep full of chickens pull up beside have a listen y'all Nas y'all
Fly gangsta wavy hair teeth chipped in
My shit bump in the courtroom drunk links truck
rocky bracelet cognac kernel never chase it
Rap hero black DeNiro
Federal Bureau tapped my line and got zero
Rap pro diamond roll hustlin low -
pro-file white gold style rakin bloody dough by the pile
Shot down still alive he strugglin for the phone
Fo'-fo' blow him when homicide comes these three words are sung




Check this out
It's Nasty Nas and Dr. Dre
Hahaha East meets West
That's how we makin it happen
That's how it goes down for the nine-six
Aiyyo Nas let's get this money
Let's get paid
Sit back and watch all these motherfuckin clowns out here
riffin and beefin about this BULLSHIT
Yo heh
While they doin all that
we just gon' kick back with these honies this Cristal
Hah and party to the year 2G




Hehehe that's right that's right
Yeah Nasty Nas lyrics

Nas Lyrics





(feat. AZ Foxy Brown and Cormega )





This is what... this what they want huh?
This is what it's all about..
What?  Time to take Affirmative Action son
They just don't understand youknowImean?
Niggaz comin sideways thinkin stuff is sweet man
Yknahmean?
Niggaz don't understand the four devils:
Lust.. Envy.. Hate.. Jealousy
Wicked niggaz man


Yo sit back relax catchin contacts sip your cog-nac
And let's all wash this money through this laundry mat
Sneak attack a new cat sit back worth top dollar
In fact touch mines and I'll react like a Rottweiler
Who pull the late we play for high stakes at gunpoint
Catch em and break undress em tie em with tape no escape
The Corleone fettucini Capone
Roam in your own zone or get kidnapped and clapped in your dome
We got it sewn The Firm art of war is unknown
Lower your tone face it homicide cases get blown
Aristocrats politickin daily with diplomats
See me I'm an official mack Lex Coupe triple black


Criminal thoughts in the blue Porsche my destiny's to be the new boss
That nigga Paulie gotta die - he too soft
That nigga's dead on a key of her-oin they found his head on
the couch with his dick in his mouth I put the hit out
Yo the smoothest killer since Bugsy bitches love me
And Queens where my drugs be I wear Guess jeans and rugbies
Yo my people from Medina they will see you
when you re-up on your heater all your cream go betweeen us
Real shit my Desert Eagle got a ill grip
I chill with niggaz that hit Dominican spots and steal bricks
My red beam made a dread scream and sprayed a Fed team
Corleone be turnin niggaz to fiends
U-Conn's and ninja black Lexus 'Mega the pretty boy
with mafia connections it's The Firm nigga set it


Yo my mind is seein through your design like blind fury
I shine jewelry sippin on crushed grapes we lust papes
and push cakes inside the casket at Just wake
It's sickenin he just finished biddin upstate
And now the projects is talkin that somebody gotta die shit
It's logic as long as it's nobody that's in my clique
My man Smoke know how to expand coke and Mr. Coffee
Feds cost me two mill' to get the system off me
"Life's a Bitch" but God-forbid the bitch divorce me
I'll be flooded with ice so hellfire can't scorch me
Cuban cigars meetin Foxy at Demars
Movin cars your top papi Senor Escobar


In the black Camaro
Firm deep all my niggaz hail the blackest sparrow
Wallabee's be the apparel
Through the darkest tunnel I got visions of multimillions
in the biggest bundle in the Lex pushed by my nigga Jungle
He money bags got Moet Sean Don
Bundle of sixty-two they ain't got a clue what we about to do
My whole team we shittin hard like Czar
Sosa Foxy Brown Cormega and Escobar
I keep a fat marquis piece laced in all the illest snake skin
Armani sweaters Carolina Hebrera
Be The Firm baby from BK to the 'Bridge
My nigga Wiz operation Firm Biz so what the deal is
I keep a phat jew-el sippin Crist-ies
Sittin on top of fifty grand in the Nautica Van uhh!
We stay incogni' like all them thug niggaz in Marcy
The Gods they praise Allah with visions of Gandhi
Bet it on my whole crew is Don Juan
On Cayman Island with a case of Cristal and Papa Chula spoke
Nigga with them Cubans that snort coke
Raw though an ounce mixed wit leak that's pure though
Flippin the bigger picture the bigger nigga with the cheddar
Was mad dripper he had a fuckin villa in Manilla
We got to flee to Panama but wait it's half and half
Keys is one and two-fifth so how we flip
Thirty-two grams raw chop it in half get sixteen double it times three
We got forty-eight which mean a whole lot of cream
Divide the profit by four subtract it by eight
We back to sixteen now add the other two that 'Mega bringin through
So let's see if we flip this other key
Then that's more for me mad coke and mad leak
Plus a five hundred cut in half is two-fifty
Now triple that times three we got three quarters of another key
The Firm baby lyrics

Nas Lyrics










Uhh.. (yeah yeah yeah)
Q.B. since 1933 
To nine-six 
Check the shit


Nine-six
Escobar 600


Check the shit
My mindset son got wet I'm vexed really
They snatched off his Rolex smacked his bitch silly
Why niggaz actin illy word to Will he bout to feel it
I feel it he shoulda been dealt wit it
Them niggaz sour they put to much flour in they coke
And got the nerve to wonder WHY THEY BROKE
While we was gleamin niggaz was scheamin
Seen the ill Beamers beamin
Triple-beam and doublin cream had em feenin
to get they fingers on the dosa I called Sosa
Sosa these niggaz hit the God bring the toaster
Meet me in the 'Bridge I'm bout to go loca
Left my 'rat beggin me to stay and stroke her
He came through with two fly bitches Venus and Vicious
wit two macs inside the Volvo what up God I'm still sober
I need some Henn' to bend me over
My nigga Hav got a soldier
It's gettin down it's goin down kid (I got this I got this)
I heard he might not live I'm holdin back tears
Told these broads to put it in gear 
with two females that don't smile diggin they style yo
Whattup son these niggaz done started somethin wild
You know the clique well Ramel with the gold in his grill
Tried to get a name holdin the steel I paid attention to the females
Maintain bitches when it get real
Sos' pulled me close and told me the deal
He said both hoes'll peel spray shots and reload
and still handle the wheel point em out smoke a Phil' then chill
I layed back Escobar status knowin The Firm got it cornered
We on it shit we was born wit



Spark the lye Q.B.C. yo it's do or die
In this business and trifeness
I finesse this for R.D. we chef shit
Perfect shit Albert Einstein minds connect wit
dangerous sons step back let the tech lift
Lift you up bless you wit a shorty then we set you up
Spark the lye Q.B.C. yo it's do or die
In this business and trifeness
We finesse this for R.D. we chef shit
Perfect shit Albert Einstein minds connect wit
dangerous sons step back let the tech lift
Lift you up bless you wit a shorty then we set you up


Hold it right there pull over
That nigga right there inside the Rover
I knew he'd be right here I told ya
Let's get him now look at him smile ice Bulova
Polo pullover big links and rockin boulders
He's stuntin after he left my man like that
without a fair chance to fight back BUT I'LL BE RIGHT BACK
He never seen us Sos' gave the mac to Venus
and Vicious lookin delicious handle yo' bidness
and step to him shake yo' ass try to screw him
Do what ya gotta do to get to him
A tight parasuco with young faces
can turn niggaz Buttafuco of all ages they was amused
by the way they walked way they talked
Only if they knew these girls'd spray New York
if they had to heard him ask Venus 
He jumped out a Jeep heard her tell him 
They started chattin was only bout a minute flat when
they jumped in the back of the Jeep laughin
We followed them pollyin he thought the hoes were Somalian
Probably wanted to hit the Holiday Inn
I grabbed the phone and called the Mobb and them
We layed low about a hour or so these bitches movin too slow
We both holdin what if them wild hoes started foldin? 
Sosa said say no more we started rollin
Before we got in they must have shot him security wildin
There the girls go hurry up we out in
the 940 me Sosa and two shorties
The punk niggaz got murdered in the orgy




Q.B.C.
QueensBridge motherfucker
Ropin niggaz up
Cause our click is thick
Another day another dollar
More money more murder
Fuck this shit lyrics

Nas Lyrics










[phone rings is picked up right away]

 HELLO?!
 Whassup girl..
 Ain't nothin - this nigga in here stressin
talkin that old off the wall back to Africa shit again
 What that God Body shit?
 Yeah that dumb shit
I'm tryin to get up OUTTA here
 I hear that.. but yo you know the spot is pumpin tonight
 Word f'real where?
 You know where the real niggaz is poppin the Cristal
NOT THAT WHITE STUFF!
 Ha hah!  Word where the real niggaz at?


Listen.. to reason
Pretty baby baby listen..


A young wild beautiful love child
You like them thug style link rockin then mink coppin
Hit you on the sink a hundred dollar drink poppin
The head'll make you take him shoppin a foul doctrine
Reminiscent of my first time up in a chick
You was innocent but now you rent-a-dick wear the tightest shit
Chanel lookin real airbrushed nails
Hit the gym hit the scales heaven-sent but negligent 
To see a prophecy your ebony tone is lockin me
The way you moan make me daydream of you on top of me
Wishin I could be the one man; but you juggle 
way too many Willies all in one hand
You wanna run up in clubs gettin rubbed on
Niggaz pull your hair shake your fat rear
Get your fuck on - followin week you back there
But what you stuck on weed clowns and cars
Puffin with some lil nigga husband not knowin she's out
Could you believe Eve Mother Earth of the seas
Niggaz thirst you you just let em hurt you and leave
What up mah frontin like you naive
Pusherman's whip callin police when you flip
Can't understand it yo it should be a throne for us
But for now that's a whole different zone from us word!



Diamonds all shinin lookin all fine
Pretty little face get a little high
Young girl stugglin tryin to survive
Mother of the Earth she made you and I
Just tired of playin the same ol' games
Messin with my mind emotional thangs
And there goes.. a black girl.. lost


Like Isis she got you heartbroke and felt lifeless
Grow up girl instead you want revenge so now you act the nicest
to who'sever gettin down and trifless
To get his mind all you do is give him somethin priceless
Cause in time he'll realize the thighs is all he needs
More than weed then you hit him off with lies and greed (deceit yeah)
There you go again startin wars makin me more yours
Seem to get a kick out of keepin me on all fours
Face glistenin I'm addicted to you
Original Wisdom Body got me picturin you
Igloos of ice trickin on you you never listen 
to this nigga spendin Franklins on tennis anklets
Must've had a bad deal in the past though
Can't even keep it real with a nigga with cash flow
Say men are all the same what we need to do is break this chain
You got a job part-time and school's your night thing
With dreams to settle down it ain't far from now
You gettin interviewed but your boss is into gettin screwed
Typical day that the black girl sees
Comin home wantin more from a college degree




Where are you focused on legit niggaz and where the coke is
Nice and Thug Life niggaz yo you seem hopeless
Your value - too much to be measured I wonder how you
could ever be played your pussy worth gold amountin to
more than the world but not knowin nothin about you
You leavin the crib takin all your kids out to
drop them off lettin some nigga knock you off
So hot and soft that's the same thing that got you lost 
Growin up seein it it should remind you you bein lied to
Everything that move be inside you
Sacred as you are left with these wannabes to guide you
I watched you hard to knock you I tried not to
They spot you out dancin topless in your drawers
Damn look lyrics

Nas Lyrics











It was a murder
Jake just hit the corner people swarming
Three in the morning I jumped out my cab like "Fuck 
niggaz is buck" mega bloodshed the tapes red
I heard some bird whisper 
I puffed the lilla just before I hit the scene for rilla
I'm all high it's late I'm looking down at the fella
Shit's pushed in ambulance placed him on some cushion
His mom's had a stare I wouldn't dare second look when I murk
It hurt kind of took it as a brief reminder
that the street's designed to stop your life plot
The beast in time yeah cell to cell suspect ass nigga you fell
First time locked in crime stop my mind blocks the frail
Bursting blasting at your forty cal shell split your dry cell
My niggas never snitch why tell
We roll with no regrets destiny's fifty's and equities
Queens'll be the death of me



To the suspect witness don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight





Dear God I want the riches money hungry bitches infested
Giving the jealous niggas sickness the witness
My crew dresses in vest-es feel the essence
Try to test this scientist able and reckless
Slaughter Nautica'd down frames look petite
Ten millis mix designed just for my physique
I keep a low pro as if I owe bless the flow lovely
My pants hang low while I'm dancing sipping the bubbly
Hey me no worry hashish keep my eyes Chinese
Rollin two Phillies together make blunts Siamese
I meant it I represent it descendant made of
early natives that were captured and taught to think backwards
Trapped us in a cracker psychiatric it's massive
A Million Man March alert the masses
Ten glocks Armani in small print upon my glasses
Don assassins armageddon the wettin'
Never freakin the beast seven heads got the righteous threatened
Life Was Written the plot curves behind the settin'
Comprehend the grammar Manfrione -- are you the type of nigga
to shoot a leg to get your name known?  I flip the brain tome
Niggaz get hit and wrap the plastic
The mic I strike in vain givin the pain of what a Mack is
What you with?  Luchi or drama no sleep means insomnia
No need to check the clock the streets are timin you




It justifies Nas Escobar's leavin shit mesmerized
Mega live like the third world
Decipher my deceiver make him a believer
Spitting jim stars words in my mic ttype receiver
Bond is my life so I live by my word
Never fraudulent Queensbridge don't make no herbs
Spread my name to deacons